Text	Stance
"I know this might both be controversial to some and highly popular to others, but I'll try to be as nuanced as possible.   Of course it's an easy stance to take, you shift any personal responsibility away to something else. But this is not what I am saying. I do believe that each consumer bears responsibility for what they buy to some degree. Personally, I am very cautious of my impact: I limit packaging as much as possible, I limit meat eating, I buy locally... But, besides the fact that this may make us feel good about ourselves, the impact is next to nothing.   The whole ""supply and demand"" logic is misused in this context (I am not trying to discredit economic science): there is simply no demand for junk. Nobody wants to buy junk or products that are packaged in all sorts of single use plastics. People buy that shit because it is cheap and affordable. Indirectly, when we follow this flawed logic, we are blaming poorer people for their climate change impact, which is just plain wrong.   At the moment, being able to ""buy responsibly"" is a privilege and a luxury. It is expensive as hell. I am financially comfortable enough to buy a product that is more expensive but has less environmental impact. People that do not have this financial comfort do not bear responsibility for the environmental impact of the products they are forced to buy.   This has turned more into a rant perhaps than an opinion, but it truly angers me. When the UN Climate Change Report came, news articles talked about ""what can you do?"", ignoring the root of the problem. It's about corporate policies and legislative interventions.   Rant example: packaging cans or bottles with plastic. Are we still in the 1950's? Haven't we seen enough marine animals suffocate in those? It's so easily solveable: use recycleable carton. Ban it, impose it, tax it: these are actions able to make an impact.   ***Don't misinterpret this as an excuse for no consumer responsibility. If you are financially comfortable, you bear responsibility for what you choose to buy.***"	2
Because they killed the viability of nuclear power, the only power source that is clean and can produce enough power to meet our demands without needing to change much about the industry.  Because of their crusade on GMOs, which would feed millions of people and reduce the amount of farmland we would need exponentially.   Because their use of bullshit alarmist talking points has become common practice among environmental activists and has caused several people to become apathetic towards a very important issue.  And because they are a bunch of twats whose publicity stunts irreversibly damaged a UNESCO Heritage Site and caused the deaths of millions because of their crusade against DDT.  They personify everything wrong with the environmental movement. They have essentially killed every viable strategy we have to combat our impact on the environment in the eyes of the public and ruined the perception of the movement as a whole. They are the reason we aren't doing jackshit about climate change, because their anti-science activism has ruined the reputation of every technology that could yield the most results.  Edit #1: A slight correction on the DDT point. It was only banned worldwide in 2001, but is still used in small quantities to combat large infestations of mosquitoes. It was also linked to several health defects in humans and animals. However, it doesn't change the fact that malaria kills 3000 children every day and that DDT is still the most effective way to combat it, at least in reasonable doses.  Edit #2: Holy hell, that's a lot of Reddit stickers. Thanks lads.	2
"Reddit is just as big of offender of this as the news and other platforms. Multiple ""no politics"" subreddits block any discussion of it even if it is otherwise relevant to the sub.  We need to stop with this ""who do you believe"" takes. Science is there to be understood, not believed. The whole point of it is to be discussed and to be okay with any hypothesis to be wrong.being wrong in Science is still a valid reportable result. On the other hand in Politics people get entrenched and refuse to even contemplate that they are wrong.  By assigning politics label to the issue we automatically create ""sides""."	2
In the 60s the global powers raced each other to put a man on the moon to show power. What if we could do something similar with the first countries to nail net zero emissions.	2
"Pretty much, the average person's attempts to minimize their effect on climate change is a very valiant cause, but will do nothing in the long-run until corporations and governments own up to their shortcomings and do something about it. Governments burning fossil fuels and corporations dumping trash into the oceans and not doing anything to reduce their carbon footprints is going to be the last straw for humans. If we continue like this, then climate change is in my opinion going to be the one that kills a majority of the population. The quote, ""A chain is only as strong as its weakest link"" really applies here. It's great that people do their bit in helping, but until governments and companies do something, the world will continue in the downward spiral that it's on. Until governments start use renewable energy instead of coal or corporations reduce their carbon footprint, you or I don't have to do anything because our small contribution won't really change anything.  Yeah, a person taking a shorter shower and riding a bike is for a great cause and should be supported, but it means close to nothing. Big businesses and governments have to own up and need to make huge efforts to remedy climate change.  Edit: So I see a lot of people saying that the Average Joe's job is to vote for candidates that have a policy like that. I absolutely agree! You guys have actually changed my opinion a little, but I still think that it should be the government/potential candidate and corporations that take the initiative. I know that is a bit of wishful thinking because that's putting a lot of faith in people where this isn't a priority, but the initiative is really key here in my opinion."	2
Nuclear energy is the best form of energy that we have available to us, mainly because it's significantly cheaper than other options and is more predictable/controllable than wind and solar.  A great example of this is Germany vs. France. Somewhat recently, G Germany phased out its use of nuclear energy and drastically increase its use of wind and solar. However, France gets the majority of its electricity from nuclear. Because of this, electricity in France costs around half of what it does in Germany.  Additionally, despite rapidly increasing their amount of solar and wind farms, Germany's carbon emissions still went up. This is because it was less windy and sunny then they hoped so they had to use coal to make up the difference. That shows the biggest problem with renewable energies, you can't predict when they work and if you can they work at the wrong time. More specifically, human energy use is very predictable, we use the most energy towards the end of the day when people are getting home from work and are watching tv/cooking dinner/ etc. The sun is setting or has already set around that time so solar isn't that much help, and the winds change all the time so planning on wind power isn't an option. Also, when it is sunny and windy but we are not using the electricity to match many people talk about how we can store that excess energy in batteries and then use it in the electrical prime time I talked about earlier. The problem with this is that we lose a lot of that energy moving the energy in and out of the batteries, so much so that it becomes inefficient.  Also, mining the minerals required to make batteries isn't very eco-friendly.  That means that if we were to make wind and solar the bedrock of our strategy to fight climate change it would cost more, be unreliable, and our carbon emissions would still probably go up.	2
For instance, something younger generations never experienced, and older generations seem to have forgotten about, is the purpose of gas stations providing tools at the pump to clean your windshield. It didn't exist to keep your car looking prestine, it was a necessary tool while traveling, especially during warmer temperatures, to remove all the insects splattered across. A few hours on the road without cleaning was hazardous in some areas, as the insects were so dense it blurred your view. I personally haven't required a windshield cleaning in roughly 20 years, in my area.  Insect die off is a major key in planetary die off, and we're already experiencing it *now*.  **Edit:** The [Windshield Phenomenon](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windshield_phenomenon?wprov=sfla1).	2
Can we all just accept the fact that climate change is real? It’s not about which political side you are on, it’s about the real scientific data that shows it is real and is currently affecting us. Look at the extreme weather stories lately, from the huge fires in california and Australia,  or the massive typhoon that just went through the Philippines. You don’t have to be Left or Right to see it. It’s a huge problem that needs to be fixed by all of us.  Edit: As many people have pointed out, I guess I should have put *partisan* thing instead of political thing. Politics are needed to decide further steps into climate change, it’s just that there are strong opinions holding us back from that now. I apologize for any confusions and thank everyone for pointing this out.  Also, the thread of comments below has turned into a shitstorm of political debates, which is exactly what my post is saying needs to stop happening. If you are going to go down there and argue your opinion, I first ask you to please not. This was supposed to be an unpopular opinion, not a political battle. But if you are going down there to fight, good luck soldier, may the power of the earth be with you :/	2
"I heard a radio ad today about ""saving the planet."" This is the absolute wrong approach to making people take climate change seriously. ""Saving the planet"" implies that we are above nature, and can somehow control the planet. It doesn't work that way. Furthermore, Earth isn't a human being. It doesn't have feelings. It doesn't care if it's covered in snow, or water, or lava. It doesn't care if there is 1 million years of ash in the air, killing off all life. Earth has been around for billions of years before humans ever existed, it doesn't need saving.  The other problem is too many climate change activists constantly make doom and gloom predictions. The world will end in 2031. Or 2050. We have X number of years before irreparable damage happens. Oh wait, sorry, we've got an additional X+1 years. Problem is when these predictions don't happen, these activists come off like Second Coming prophets. They get ignored. I've got boomer parents that are climate change deniers, and while I think they are horribly misguided, they do make a good point about these doom and gloom predictions having been made for decades, and none of them ever coming true. So I can at least see why they are such hardcore deniers (to an extent).  That's my problem with climate change. It doesn't get taken seriously by so many people because it's marketed all wrong. Instead of being about saving the planet, it needs to be about slowing the speed of change. It should even be selfish, about how if you want to maintain your personal comfort and lifestyle, you need to be more environmentally conscious. Earth's climate is always changing. Always has been, always will be. The real problem is the rate of change is happening much faster than it ought to due to the meddling of humans. That is what should be hammered home to people, not this ""save the planet!"" nonsense."	2
I feel no obligation to do anything about climate change. I understand there is a problem, but I am not the problem and I do not want to go out of my way to fix the problem. I don’t want to be taxed more to help combat the problem and most of all, being completely inundated with climate change coverage only makes me care even less.  I’m all for people cleaning up beaches, but I am not interested in taking up arms to help combat climate change.   Leave me out, stop acting like everybody *has* to care as much as you.	0
Any time I talk about the likely impact of climate change someone always calls me depressing or if we could just change the subject. There’s nothing wrong with being uncomfortable about the implications of climate change but we seriously need to discuss how we as a species are going to survive it. Just cause it’s always on the news doesn’t mean people actually talk about this seriously.	2
People just sit around hoping that law makers and companies will change their policies. There have been movements to let people know we care about global warming, but I don’t see a lot of change on the personal level. Of course there are the people who do have changed their lifestyle to protect the earth by going vegan, not using plastic, not driving etc. but there are a lot of people (me being one of them) who care about this problem but have trouble shifting. I’m not saying we all have to go vegan and all that hippie shit, but if we all change our lives a little, we can help save the world. I know this sounds like what we’ve been told for a while, and we do need lawmakers and companies to change. Change doesn’t just come from them it comes from all of us, so if you want to do your part in stopping global warming just make conscious decisions at the store at work and anywhere else in life.  Edit: A lot of people are stating the obvious that corporations are the largest polluters. I wasn’t clear enough on this originally, yes of course corporations need to change but that change comes from us. They get their money from us if we make changes and urge lawmakers to change and use our money in eco conscious ways and incorporating green practices in our jobs. People saying that corporations need to change therefore they don’t need to do anything is exactly the point I made originally that people don’t want climate change but don’t want to do anything.	2
One thing I’ve noticed is a lot of people go for the “easy” option when it comes to the global warming, sustainability, recycling etc.   People will drive instead of a 10 minute walk, they’ll buy pre packaged plastic meals and then not recycle it at the end, buy cheap unsustainable fashion etc.  Is it because you don’t believe in the need for sustainability or are your just lazy?  I get it, you want to do the easy thing but if you think about it, billions of people are doing the same and it’s going to add up. No wonder our planet is struggling.	2
I'm not a sociopath, I just think the earth has been through worse. Mass Extinction and acute climate change brought on by asteroid impacts and super volcanos. Sure plastic in the deepest levels of the ocean probably isn't great but a volcano the power of hundreds of nuclear warheads scattering Sulphur across the globe in a few days, killing all large animals was worse. It's another period in the long interesting history of this planet, not the doom of everything	2
You must convince every industry to close and every cold climate heated building must go cold every winter.  That is totally unacceptable to the people.  Using renewables to replace carbon is ridiculous considering the current ratio of energy from fossil fuels versus energy from all renewables.  Nuclear power plants are unpopular too and Japan shuttered them due to the Fukushima disaster. There is no replacement for carbon fuels that can meet the demands of this industrialized civilization.  People will not accept the terrible austerity of giving up their heated buildings and consumer goods.  With that in mind, carbon emissions will remain high for the foreseeable future and climate change is a certainty.	2
Without getting too lost in the details, nuclear has the potential to be cheaper than fossil fuels. Nuclear is emission free. Nuclear creates a dangerous waste problem but that is more contained and manageable than carbon in the air. Nuclear is much safer than it used to be. If a clean fuel is cheaper than fossil fuels then it will be adopted worldwide, including by India and China, whom are the biggest offenders of CO2 emissions.  It is for these reasons that nuclear energy must be an integral part of the Climate Change solution (alongside other policies). For those that believe Climate Change will kill us all in the next 30 years, there is no reason not to support the deregulation of nuclear energy. Except that they don't care as much as they say they do about Climate Change.	2
"People like George Clooney and Leonardo DiCaprio and others routinely whine about the effects of anthropogenic climate change while jet setting around in private planes and yachts all over the world.   The people who know the MOST about climate change are powerful politicians and government figures. Look at Nancy Pelosi and her orivate plane trips across the country with $50k liquor bills. You think she's genuinely concerned about the planet? Nope.   These people are seeking attention and know full well that the masses of ""activists"" who think we need some ""green revolution"" aren't going to call them on their clear and obvious hypocrisy.   Go to the super market and look at the tabloids in the checkout aisle. There's a dozen+ pictures of whiny celebrities on beaches in some exotic locale. These people are burning massive amounts of fossil fuels to maintain their lifestyles but they want us to cut OUR consumption ""for the planet"".  Edit: Spoilers for this thread: a bunch of redditors who worship clebrities and the cult of climate change make excuses for hypocrite celebrities. lmao!"	2
Edit* I feel it's important to point out I have actually said multiple times that we should do our part to keep our planet clean and healthy and do everything can to be environmentally cautious. My opinion is that being afraid of it is dumb because even if we do everything right climate change is still going to happen. It is pointless to fear the inevitable.  Probably going to be downvoted for this but whatever..  Imo it's pointless to be fearful of climate change, the Earth's history shows evidence of climate change for billions of years it has existed. This evidence shows both the temperature rising and dropping, it is just the natural course of things. This is not something that anyone can control, we can and SHOULD do our part to keep our planet clean and healthy, but the climate is going to change regardless.   People are worried that the coast lines will be under water along with other fears but the fact of the matter is that that these things will probably happen regardless. We do not live in a world where Pangaea exists because the world changes.  One of the warmest times was during the geologic period known as the Neoproterozoic, between 600 and 800 million years ago. Another “warm age” is a period geologists call the Paleocene-Eocene Thermal Maximum, which occurred about 56 million years ago. On the opposite end of things, the Maunder Minimum, it occurred between 1645 and 1715, during a longer span of time when parts of the world became so cold that the period was called the Little Ice Age, which lasted from about 1300 to 1850. Glaciers began to form in Antarctica 30 million years ago and in the northern hemisphere 3 million years ago,” Moore said in his lecture. “Today, even in this interglacial period of the Pleistocene Ice Age, we are experiencing one of the coldest climates in the Earth's history.   The point being is that it is just a matter of time before the climate changes with or without human involvement. As far as the fires are concerned there are ways to take action to prevent or at least minimize the effect they have, Forest control is one of them, however it is also completely normal for this to burn and is actually promotes growth. The fires in the Amazon were in fact devastating but it happens, also we get nearly all our oxygen from phytoplankton and algae the common belief that the Amazon creates 20% of our oxygen is false.   Bottom line is don't be scared of something that is inevitable and probably will not come about in your lifetime. Just be a decent human being and be mindful of your actions and your waste.	0
Bill gates produces about 8,000 metric tons of carbon a year, mostly from flying. Elon Musk produces just under 3,000 metric tons of carbon every year. In 2017 the United States military produced 59 million metric tons of carbon. So until the people who are actually damaging our earth are held responsible and stop emitting so much CO2 I will continue to do the bare minimum because no matter how much I actually try to combat climate change it will have absolutely no effect on the actual problem.	2
The push for greater renewable energy (solar and wind) is, for the most part, hurting our efforts on combating climate change when nuclear energy is clearly the answer. Let's dive into some numbers.  The prevailing counterpoint against widespread nuclear energy revolves around three arguments:   1. Price per MWh compared to renewables   2. The performance in less densely populated areas.    3.  Nuclear waste  Counters:   1. Ignoring the costs of battery storage  On the surface, yes nuclear energy is more expensive. According to the U.S. Energy Information Administration, the cost of wind and solar energy costs roughly $30 per MWh while nuclear stands at \~$34 per MWh.   However, as everyone is well aware, the sun only occasionally shines and it is not always windy. Weather conditions differ drastically globally allowing for the implementation of these technologies to perform at vastly different rates. As a result, there's a necessity for mass battery storage to account for changing conditions. These facilities are extremely expensive costing roughly $68.35 per megawatt-hour at a minimum. Of course, nuclear does not have this restriction.    2. Roughly 83% of the U.S. population lives in urban areas  As stated above, the vast majority of the U.S. population lives in urban areas. For those living in rural locations, yes, renewable energy may be a viable alternative, but nuclear can still work for almost all of the population.   3.  Nuclear waste   This is one of the few waste products that is dealt with highly carefully and often placed in deep geological sites. Compare this to renewables which often end up in landfills. Nuclear effectively is a completely zero-emission fuel source.   &amp;#x200B;  I would like to hear your thoughts on this! I am not sure why this opinion is so unpopular as it seems like the clear solution to me.	2
Since the 1970's, the green movement have had a vendetta against nuclear power. They have told us that as long as we oppose it, it will be fine. And they were right - Chernobyl and Fukushima was a disaster for humankind. They still are. The radio active waste produced by nuclear power is poision to every living organism on earth. The safety concerns are many and valid. Many countries have decided through political action to phase out all reactors of nuclear energy by the end of this decade.   However, As technical development moves forward, so does nuclear power. The new generation of reactors are anything unlike we've ever seen. It's probably one of the most climate efficient innovations recently. &gt;Fourth generation reactors use fuels more efficiently, which leads to a higher output with far less radioactive waste. Compared to previous generations; the new reactors can generate 50 times more energy with the same amount of uranium. These innovative reactors can even produce energy from existing radioactive waste  &gt;Relative to current nuclear power plant technology, the claimed benefits for 4th generation reactors include:  &gt;Nuclear waste that remains radioactive for a few centuries instead of millennia   &gt;100–300 times more energy yield from the same amount of nuclear fuel   &gt;Broader range of fuels, and even unencapsulated raw fuels (non-pebble MSR, LFTR).   &gt;In some reactors, the ability to consume existing nuclear waste in the production of electricity, that is, a Closed nuclear fuel cycle. This strengthens the argument to deem nuclear power as renewable energy.   &gt;Improved operating safety features, such as (depending on design) avoidance of pressurized operation, automatic passive (unpowered, uncommanded) reactor shutdown, avoidance of water cooling and the associated risks of loss of water (leaks or boiling) and hydrogen generation/explosion and contamination of coolant water.    Nuclear power has zero carbon emissions, and with the new generations of reactors it will be possible to recycle uranium so that it's impact on humans and wild life can be significantly reduced. Just imagine how much more safe and environmental friendly nuclear power can become by further research and innovations.  The banning of nuclear power has lead to some interesting paradoxes. Germany has decided to move away from nuclear power, which unfortunately have prompted them to import gas and coal power to ensure their energy sustentation. Instead of decreasing emissions, emissions in Germany have risen. &gt;Germany’s total emissions rose in 2016 for the second year in a row with the head of the environment agency calling for rapid reduction in coal power  Is resistance against nuclear power based on ideology and old facts, instead of rational arguments and actual facts? In my opinion, and as suggested by facts, nuclear power is absolutely necessary to combat climate change and rising emissions. With new development in nuclear technology, it's absolutely idiotic to oppose nuclear power if your goal is to combat emissions and climate change. Why are we still stuck in the 70's when it comes to nuclear power? I'm certain that we will look back on the opposition of nuclear power in a couple of decades and question why were so fact resistent.   	2
"The statistics say it all.  It is possible to take a cruise ship trip while being completely uninformed about climate change.   It is not possible to run a cruise ship Business without knowing about your impact on emission and therefore climate change.  So much blame gets shifted to things normal people do in their everyday lives that is (truthfully) bad for the climate, but plastic straws need to be produced, cruise ships need to be run and argentinian beef has to be farmed.   ""As long as people support a corporation by being a customer, they are as much at fault"" No, Bc they do not capitalize on it.   It's on the 1%"	2
For those who have accepted that climate change is real - does not matter if human caused or not - you may hope for an all curing innovation that will reverse climate change.   Let's assume this innovation would exist, in order to reverse climate change, we would need far more energy to reverse it, than we gained from all fossil fuels ever, within a short time frame, before irreversible trigger points have been passed (which includes mass migration).   Given the declining rate of innovation and law of diminishing returns, this is impossible. Big filter is coming, my dudes!	2
"They just act completely defeated and helpless with their only plan of action to be spreading that misery around without doing anything other than ""raising awareness."" If you want to say ""We have a plan to reduce carbon emotions and here's what will happen if we don't,"" I'm all ears. If you want to say ""This will discourage Brazil from mowing down the Amazon,"" tell me more. If you say ""Here's how to get the plastic out of the ocean"" I'm on the edge of my seat.  But subreddits like /r/collapse where they crawl around crying all day about how hopeless and sad they are makes me want them to suffer the death they continue to call inevitable."	2
Title pretty much says it all. I mean just look at the amount of people who have already died in recent hurricanes and heat waves. Now add worldwide flooding. I don't think this _should_ be unpopular, but I believe it is.	2
"I see this all to often. Governments take the initiative and plan some kind of crazy windmill park or another green energy initiative. Plans are drawn out....aaaaaand people are protesting because they find the wind turbines ""ugly"" or get questioned whether their actions are ethical/the best to take.  Stuff like this has been stumping progress so much in some countries, it's terrible. I don't give a damn if there's a windturbine in my backyard, I don't care if a new reactor gets built within spitting distance of my house. You know what I do care about? Reducing global emissions so the next generation doesn't get to live in a burning hellscape because of your ignorance. California is on fire, Belgium got flooded, corals are getting bleached. Stuff is so bad, I can get emotional over it, yet all people care about is their self interests.   Tackling climate change is about concessions and sacrifice. And we won't be able to if we constantly question whether green initiatives are good and if we make sure if everyone is happy with the governments decisions. Action needs to be taken, right now.  Why would you care if actions are safe or ethical if your goddamn house might get flooded or burned because of climate change? At least your view is nice and you didn't get affected by climate initiatives, right? Lovely.  I know this opinion is very shortsighted, and it's not a grey and white question, but I just hate how a lot of initiatives are constantly shot down because of stupid reasons with almost no substantiation. Governments should still keep the people in mind, but please don't scrap plans to reduce carbon emissions because some idiot(s) don't like how the windmills look or something like that."	2
If you didn't know, a lot of kids in the UK are going on strikes to protest about climate change. Now, I am NOT saying climate change isn't a problem, because it is, and it need to be sorted.  Only about 10% of these children probably actually care about the climate. The others are so obviously just going along so they don't have to go to school.  If they truly want to protest about climate change, they should do it at the weekend, or in their own time. I think it would get the message across better, that these kids are willing to give up their own free time to call for action against climate change, not wasting school time.	2
"If someone can go around and deny all the scientific studies regarding human impact on our climate, they might as well throw all science out the window.   Deniers are worse than flat earthers because they are actively condoning the destruction of our planet. While flat earthers are generally regarded as stupid, they are at least harmless.  I already know im going to get someone asking for links to studies. Go look for yourself because i could post 100 studies and I Know you wont read them and just say ""these are illegitimate studies"".  They should be shamed. It is not a matter of opinion, climate change *is* happening.  ""BuT iT wAs CoLd ThIs WiNtEr"" go back to school and learn to read and study why. Weather =/= climate."	2
"A flat eather has ridiculous beliefs, they are the subject of a great deal of ridicule but they ultimately harm no one.  A climate change denier has ridiculous beliefs that are on the surface easier to believe, but they are equally opposed to observable facts and the negative consequences of their beliefs are infinitely greater. Despite this they're not given nearly as much ridicule. News broadcasts often feature climate ""skeptics"" (they're deniers; skeptics actually respect evidence) playing into the false 'two sides' narrative.   In general we show a great deal of derision to those with relatively harmless beliefs while too often giving a pass to those with beliefs that are no less ridiculous, and in actuality an existential threat to the biosphere."	2
Much like the religious zealots of centuries past, the militant climate change group that insists something MUST be done NOW or we’ll all die is as radical as any religious cult.  Don’t get me wrong, I want clean oceans and clean air, but the drama that climate change *MUST* be every person’s #1 priority or else we’ll all die is dramatic and legitimately cultish.   We need to take steps to limit developing nations and their pollution, but acting like I personally need to go out of my way and do something to fight climate change is ridiculous.   These people are hurting their cause more than they’re helping it. Militant climate change people are on the verge of becoming religious fundamentalists that kill in the name of a god, the only difference is that these climate change cultists are primarily located in first world countries where they can’t prosecute in the same way that religious fundamentalists can practice vigilante “justice” in third world countries.   Climate change is a cult.	0
I'm in the UK and I'm seeing a lot of climate activists pushing the government to cut down on greenhouse gases and push to greener energy. However when you look at the UK, its a tiny little island and doesn't contribute much to the overall pollution of the world.  However, China does, contributing over 20% in global CO2 emissions, the USA at 14% and India at 5%. But yet there are next to protests asking the government to reach out to these countries and get them to cut their emissions. I will point out that the USA's CO2 emissions have cut down but that has slowed.   It just seems like you've got a group of people protesting towards a country that has very little to do with the problem. Even if the UK did meet the demands of the protestors, it still wouldn't make a big impact on a global basis.  But encouraging the 3 biggest contributors would.	2
I'd been thinking this for some time, but this article put the issue as clear as day: [https://quillette.com/2019/02/27/why-renewables-cant-save-the-planet/](https://quillette.com/2019/02/27/why-renewables-cant-save-the-planet/).  Renewables are too weak, inconsistent and expensive to make any difference in the real world.   It won't be long before environmental activists start devouring them from within too (much like the corrosive effect the transgender movement is having on feminism) - what happens when wind farms start killing too many rare birds?  Or hydroelectric damns start ruining forests?  And the solar panels are thrown into landfill when they eventually break down?  This is ironic enough, but the worst irony is the Green Movement started essentially the same as the anti-nuclear movement and they remain stuck in that fatal embrace.  They clamour for the world to be saved but won't accept the only thing that has any chance.  Scientists should stop putting out useless warnings every second week shrieking 'something must be done!' and start convincing the public that nuclear is safe, powerful and reliable.  But Fukushima!   Yeah, so a nuclear plant from the 1970s gets hit by an EARTHQUAKE AND A TSUNAMI AT THE SAME TIME and only one person dies and that's somehow more dangerous than the 3 million dead from pollution each year.	2
It always annoys me to see celebrities like Leo talk about climate change from a multi million dollar yacht he flew private to board. In a sense he, like other celebrities, is promoting a form of slacktivism by not proactively engaging towards issues regarding climate change. Why on earth would anyone take  him seriously about carbon emissions when he tweets the info from a boat that pollutes like crazy? Being a good representative towards these issues facing humanity takes more than a few tweets. He should, if he cares, lead by example and not live a life of extreme comfort. It’s hypocritical!	2
I'm not sure how basic geologic history gets lost in this issue.  Did everyone forget about Pangea, and the fact that major continents that we see today were part of one land mass?  Have we forgotten about tectonic plates and the shifting mantle, entire continent size chunks of earth moving thousands of miles over millions of years?  What was once ocean, is now desert.  Freshwater lakes that we can find whale fossils in because they were oceans.  The normality with which fire has shaped and controlled forests for millions of years.  Volcanoes that have, and will continue to erupt, modify and create mountains, cloud atmosphere and block light, sending us into ice ages.  Ice ages.  Honestly, people act like this planet is static, as implied with the obsession over sea level rising.  The sea level has risen, and fell, and shifted hundreds of feet over history.  There have been times, some of the most prosperous and life-abundant times, where carbon ppm was over 9000.  Life continued, morphed, evolved to survive in changing climates.   We can put a person on the moon, look deep into space, shoot asteroids with rockets, and there is zero chance the sea level rising, or the temperature increasing moderately, is going to lead to our extinction.  ZERO.	2
This is not to say climate change doesn’t exist, it also is not saying that humans are not contributing to it. But, the lack of scientific assertions, lack of debate, and cult like political attitudes towards it is more akin to a cult, rather than a sound scientific position.   It’s kinda paradoxical. I think scientist have no incentive to tell their worshipers to calm down and to try to come up with real solutions. Wind energy ain’t gonna do it my friends, and we’re not going back to living like we did before industrialization.	0
Opinion: The reason why so many people refuse to talk about veganism when discussing climate change is because that would require them to consider the daily choices they make, as individuals, instead of just pointing the finger at politicians and corporations.    Explaination/Context: The U.N. says that raising animals for food is “one of the top two or three most significant contributors to the most serious environmental problems, at every scale from local to global.” The most powerful step that we can take as individuals to halt climate change is to stop eating meat, eggs, and dairy “products”.  Climate change has been called humankind’s greatest challenge and the world’s gravest environmental threat. According to the United Nations (U.N.) report Climate Change 2014: Impacts, Adaptation, and Vulnerability, climate change is having an impact on every continent, affecting agriculture, human health, ecosystems, water supplies, and even people’s livelihoods. Many conscientious people are trying to help combat climate change by driving more fuel-efficient cars and using energy-saving light bulbs, but these measures simply aren’t enough.  If you’re serious about protecting the environment, the most important thing that you can do is stop eating meat, eggs, and dairy “products”.  How Animal Agriculture Contributes to Climate Change   Feeding massive amounts of grain and water to farmed animals and then killing them and processing, transporting, and storing their flesh is extremely energy-intensive. And forests—which absorb greenhouse gases—are cut down in order to supply pastureland and grow crops for farmed animals. Finally, the animals themselves and all the manure that they produce release even more greenhouse gases into our atmosphere.  Greenhouse-Gas Emissions  Carbon dioxide, methane, and nitrous oxide are all powerful greenhouse gases, and together, they cause the vast majority of climate change.  Carbon Dioxide  Burning fossil fuels (such as oil and gasoline) releases carbon dioxide. Since it takes, on average, about 11 times as much fossil fuel to produce a calorie of animal protein as it does to produce a calorie of grain protein, considerably more carbon dioxide is released. Researchers acknowledge that “it is more ‘climate efficient’ to produce protein from vegetable sources than from animal sources.”  Chatham House, an international affairs think tank, has called for a carbon tax on meat to help combat climate change. Of course, eating vegan foods rather than animal-based ones is the best way to reduce your carbon footprint. A University of Chicago study even showed that you can reduce your carbon footprint more effectively by going vegan than by switching from a conventional car to a hybrid.  Methane  The billions of animals who are crammed onto U.S. factory farms each year produce enormous amounts of methane. Ruminants—such as cows, sheep, and goats—produce the gas while they digest their food, and it’s also emitted from the acres of cesspools filled with the feces that pigs, cows, and other animals on these farms excrete. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has shown that animal agriculture is globally the single largest source of methane emissions and that, pound for pound, methane is more than 25 times as effective as carbon dioxide at trapping heat in our atmosphere.  According to Vasile Stanescu, a scholar at Mercer University, animals raised by “organic” methods emit even more methane than animals on factory farms do. He believes that so-called “free-range” or “pasture-raised” animals are “significantly worse” in terms of greenhouse-gas emissions.  Nitrous Oxide  Nitrous oxide is about 300 times more potent as a greenhouse gas than carbon dioxide. According to the U.N., the meat, egg, and dairy industries account for an astonishing 65 percent of worldwide nitrous-oxide emissions. (Use the N-Calculator to calculate your nitrogen footprint and to see how you can lower your nitrogen usage.)  What Other Experts Say  The U.N. believes that a global shift toward plant-based food is vital if we are to combat the worst effects of climate change. Globally, animal agriculture is responsible for more greenhouse gases than all the world’s transportation systems combined.  An Oxford University study, published in the journal Climatic Change, shows that meat-eaters are responsible for almost twice as many dietary greenhouse-gas emissions per day as vegetarians and about two and a half times as many as vegans. The researchers found that the diets of people who eat more than 3.5 ounces of meat per day—about the size of a deck of playing cards—generate 15.8 pounds of carbon-dioxide equivalent (CO2e) each day, whereas vegetarians and vegans are responsible for 8.4 pounds and 6.4 pounds of CO2e, respectively. The study indicated that the dietary greenhouse-gas emissions among meat-eaters were between 50 and 54 percent higher than those of vegetarians and between 99 and 102 percent higher than those of vegans.  Overall, the study’s authors concluded that the production of animal-based foods causes significantly greater greenhouse-gas emissions than the production of vegan foods. Many other scientists around the world have reached the same conclusion. Researchers with Loma Linda University in California found that vegans have the smallest carbon footprint, generating a 41.7 percent smaller volume of greenhouse gases than meat-eaters do.  When scientists at Chalmers University of Technology in Sweden calculated ways to combat climate change, they found that cutting greenhouse-gas emissions from transportation and energy use alone isn’t enough to curb climate change. Dr. Fredrik Hedenus, the lead scientist of the study, said that “reducing meat and dairy consumption is key to bringing agricultural climate pollution down to safe levels.”  Similarly, Ilmi Granoff from the Overseas Development Institute in the U.K. has urged officials to forget about coal and cars, because the “fastest way to address climate change would be to dramatically reduce the amount of meat people eat.”  Edit: Clarified the opinion and the context	2
Climate change is real, man-made, and destructive. Politicians often pose the ridiculous question asking how we're going to afford to pay for renewable energy etc (basically anything that benefits society), but they never ask how they are going to pay for dealing with the outcome of unimpeded climate change. How will they pay for huge walls keeping out the rising sea, or to provide water to farmers in drought, or for rebuilding homes lost to fires and storms? These things are far more expensive than merely stopping climate change.  Edit: To clarify, these politicians ask the question as a way to shut down the idea. They'll ask it about things that benefit society as a way to convince the society that it will increase tax and to put them against it. They don't, however, ask the question of how to pay for it when they are doing things that only they want, such as tax cuts for billionaires, funding pointless wars, funding fossil fuels, and giving billions of dollars to other rich people.	2
Right, so I see all these new electric cars and I’m actually pretty impressed with them. I wouldn’t buy one now but I would wait until the technology is more developed but that’s not why I’m writing this.  I’m writing this because I see loads of folks claiming that electric cars will solve climate change. Personally, I feel they worsen it. They have to be powered somehow and it’s a pretty good chance the thing that charges that electric car is something that emits more greenhouse gasses in a regular car. Yes, I know there are solar panels, wind turbines, and water turbines. But the whole idea of electric cars being better for the environment then regular cars is only plausible if the thing that charges them is good for the environment also.   So until then, if I were you I wouldn’t buy and electric car unless you know for sure that the thing that charges them is green also.  I’m interested to hear other peoples opinions as I know this can be controversial.	2
"Let's be honest, humans are fucked. The majority of people don't really care about climate change since the consequences are not immediate, instead they show up years later.  In addition, developed countries (who have the power to actually do something) often offshore their carbon footprint to poorer countries. This gives citizens who live in developed countries a false sense of security, thus there isn't a sense of urgency for them to act.  Bill from Kansas isn't going to give a shit if some person in the Philippines gets lung cancer from breathing in polluted air. You can""t fault Bill though since "" I only care about me and those that are important to me"" is basically human nature.  Buying things from Amazon and Walmart, not recycling, taking a car instead of walking or biking, buying food in excess and throwing them out, etc (you get the point). Our priority to lessen our inconvenience &gt; need to address climate change  By the time we actually take it seriously, it will be too late. Imagine this: Half of Italy is underwater, causing a mass migration of it citizens. Where will they go? Obviously to neighboring countries. Will these countries accept them, hell no. But there isn't really a peaceful way to stop tens of millions of people from entering is there?  -We will see a rise in more authoritarian government (appeal to the masses fear of these climate refugees  invading your home)  -War between world powers to compete for resources. I'm not talking about oil, but basic things like food and clean water(if climate change is so bad  that Italy sank, food supply chain in probably fucked)  -major destabilization. Hundreds of millions of people are not going to act civilized when they are hungry and don't have a place to sleep (thunderdome)  So when Bill looks at Bob 40 years later and sees Italy underwater and thinks ""hey maybe we should do something, it is already too late""  Hopefully some smart people have a way to take a few people to Mars so that they can establish Earth 2.0 before shit gets too bad. But I doubt it since funding the science sector is somehow politicized."	2
I know that I will get downvoted into oblivion on this but not every natural disaster to occur is due to climate change. I’d like to start off by saying that I believe in climate change, believe it is caused by humans, and believe it causes and will cause major issues if not adequately dealt with. I also believe that climate change absolutely can and does make natural disasters worse. Events like the recent heat wave in India, mega drought in the Southwestern US, and the Pacific Northwest heat dome last summer were very likely made worse by climate change, but I still don’t like whenever every little natural disaster is portrayed to be as such. Floods, hurricanes, and droughts have been occurring since the beginning of humanity and have historically killed much more people than they have today. Not every little thunderstorm or flash flood can be attributed to climate change and it is ignorant for the media and the masses to portray it as such when it is just not true.	2
"People who don't believe in climate change make a great deal of their opinion and we can't change that.   What however does make me wonder, why they are so opposed to clean energy, be it solar, wind, water etc. What's the deal? If it is cheaper in the long term, I don't see a problem with that.  If it is the economy. Well we did transit from man power, to steam powered engines, to fossil oil powered, to nuclear powered and no. We didn't lose jobs in the millions. (Especially if you look at nuclear power. You have a greater chance at losing your job because of digitalization, in my opinion.)   When was the last time economy/industry did something for you? If they can kick you to the curb, once their resources are dwindling, they'll do and suddenly bandwagon on the ""climate change/clean energy"" train. What brings me to my next argument.  Fossil oil, coal and other resources are at one point going to be wasted, regardless. We'll have to use other forms of energy in the future and there is no way around. My old chemistry teacher once said ""What a waste, burning this precious resources. They are an important resource for petrochemical products.""   Plastic anyone? Medicine? Even our clothes?  Whenever you burn coal etc, there isn't just carbon dioxide released, but also heavy metals, like cadmium, mercury and co. which are highly neurotoxic, radioactive material, which makes the biggest increase in atmospheric radioactivity, before nuclear power plants, because it's an open system and don't forget fine particulates.  There is no reason, to use and burn resources, which would be better suited for scientific research.  If you look at climate change denying as an isolated matter, trying to promote clean energy and don't believing in climate change don't intersect."	2
Earth will be fine in the long run, a species that’s existed for 250,000 years isn’t going to do any long term damage to a system that’s existed for 4 and a half billion years. Life on earth will be fine (with or without us)   That’s not to say that we shouldn’t be actively trying to improve the things we’ve done in the last ~200 years, but I just wish people would stop saying “save the planet” when it’s really about “save our species”.	2
Clearly a good deal of the left believe man is increasing the temperature of the earth through pollution and it is causing dangerous changes in the climate. Most of those same people have so polititicalized the topic they are causing others to turn away from any common sense environmental reform. By making the blind acceptance of whatever the Climate Change facts of the day are (they are constantly shifting) a litmus test for morality and intelligence, and using the topic as a way to insult those who do not fully embrace every aspect of the topic, those who are claim to care about the topic are actively hurting their own cause. I believe this is because this is a political cause as much as anything, promoted by the left to establish their moral superiority over the right. A non-political approach aimed at selling environmental reform for the general health of the planet - such as let's not burn a ton of coal, it will pollute our skies - and done so in a non insulting way would be much more effective than the current approach. I would go as far as saying thet a good percentage of the Climate Change crowd only care about the topic because of the political credibility of gives them amongst their party. Regardless of the intent, the current attack and insult approach only results in people on the right turning off to any environmental discussion, causing more pollution, and resulting in whatever is passing for Climate Change today.	0
Green growth is very trendy in economic and industrial circles as well as in the media to solve the problem of climate change. But more growth, even if it is green, will always lead to more production and consumption and therefore to more greenhouse gases.	2
Black Rock is one example of a few firms who own a mass majority of the world's assets and contribute to climate change. They are one of the largest contributors to the fossil fuel industry. They are a financial firm who manages investments for index funds. Their sole responsibility is to turn their investors profit by any means legal. Index funds can be convenient because you can basically invest in a professional to invest for you, so it's less risky. The goal of an index fund is to turn profit, it is not to put money where it's likely needed most based on social and environmental circumstance. By investing in index funds managed by companies who only care to turn profit, you are responsible for where that money goes all the same as the professionals who are managing those funds. If those professionals decide that investing in BP is going to turn profit, they'll do it to earn you profits, and you're partly to blame for the funding of these companies to produce fossil fuels which contribute to our CO\^2 productions. The free-market is concerned with profits, and I believe in some markets, it's good. Right now, I do not believe resolving climate issues is viewed as profitable, and therefor believe that investing tax money into public services to clean our lands and waters makes more sense than leaving it to the free-market to resolve.	2
Sorta sick of the current climate debate. One either agrees with the nonsense of the day, or one is anti science. And, just no.  I can agree with climate changing, while disagreeing that we thus have to eat insects, become vegan, become ultra socialists, live in squalor, or any of that nonsense that is more ideological than practical.  The current nonsense about straws is a good example: Feel good nonsense for lunatics that works WORSE than what we were doing for EVERYONE, including the environ.  Furthermore, this idiocy that the world is ending in 12 years (10 now I guess) is counterproductive, yo hysterical lunatics, if the world is ending in 10 years I might as well enjoy them instead of eating cockroaches with you lot.  Seen similar stories to the straws with bags, and all sorts of things. All of these *solutions* seem to only make people miserable, and be worse in the long run.	2
We need to look for clean and cheap fuel which can meet the growing energy needs of the world and keep the future clean as well. Instead of constantly shouting at everyone for using fossil fuels which provide 85% of the world energy needs - we should focus on finding a solution.  Climate change activists just make a lot of noise - but don't provide the solution as to how the society is supposed to replace the fuel source. And hence those voices fall on deaf ears and they claim the elites don't care. Nobody cares if only thing you do is make noise.	0
I get sick of seeing this. On the news, on Reddit. When people are trying to virtue signal. But I feel like the media has blown this up to the point where people go crazy about it. We can't even measure our impact on the environment properly. It's impossible to measure how much we actually effect the climate. Its used by politicians and media to push narratives but there is so much we don't even know that we can't define our impact. Instead you get told that it's bad for the environment so government can tax you for using fossil fuels at a higher rate to deter you from using fossil fuels but everything runs on it so you keep using it anyway only you're paying more for it and all it does is put more money in a politicians pocket.  Edit: for clarification I'm not denying climate. And when I say blown out of proportion, I mean by politicians who don't actually give a fuck about climate change, just want to tax you harder and use it as a virtue signal so you vote for them.	0
Climate change denial is stupid. We have evidence that it's the case. Man made, natural - doesn't matter, it's a thing. And it's a good thing for my country, because it kinda fries or floods (or both at the same time) most of our enemies, while my country itself mostly improves. Considering that, I support climate change, in other words I support not doing anything to stop it. Not suggesting to perpetuate it either, because it can end up not in our favor.	2
I am sick of hearing how all these people are so brave and so woke for raising awareness of climate change. First of all who hasn’t heard of climate change, I literally can’t think of one person I know who doesn’t know what it is. Second just posting or holding a sign isn’t doing anything, the massive companies that pump out all the pollution aren’t gonna go “right boys lets stop making all this money and stop polluting, this boy held up a sign and this girl shared a post”.  Thirdly I hate how it’s somehow our fault for just living our everyday lives as if we should just shoot ourselves in the face before we can do any more damage, and we should be raising awareness while we jerk each off about how we’re saving the world and being so brave!!!!!	2
Before I start, I want to acknowledge that climate change is real and is something we should try to prevent. But all these people seeing the California fires and going “look what climate change is doing!” are just so ignorant. Yes, climate change may be playing a role, but the real cause of the fires is poor forest management by the government. We have been suppressing fires for decades now, and all the timber has built up and up and up, so now we have huge fire seasons every year. Naturally (as in pre 1850) California burns about 4.4 million acres annually, and in 2020, the worst fire season on record, were at about 3.3 million. So basically, this is proof that we have had artificially low fire burn for decades. Fires are natural, and actually are healthy for the environment. Stop blaming climate change for something that happens naturally - especially you Gavin newsom. Blame the government instead for terrible forest management.	2
"It is not untrue that companies bear the greatest responsibility for climate change but people are using it as an easy out to be wasteful. The system that allows this to persist, especially in western countries is based on overconsumption. If you are buying tons of cheaply made plastic stuff from amazon that you don't actually need, then you are feeding the beast and bear some responsibility.  I know that the whole ""carbon footprint"" was a way to defer blame to others, but you do have purchasing power and overconsumption keeps the factories, trucks, trains, and ships moving.  Sure we should hold big corps accountable but definitely look inward a bit and make sure you aren't also a part of the problem.  &amp;#x200B;"	2
John Kerry and Al Gore said we'd be underwater by now. In the 70s people said we were starting a new ice age. 12,000 years ago you could walk from the US to Russia over a land bridge (not made of ice).  Climate change is real, we are probably influencing it, but that doesn't mean we know how. All models that tried to predict the effects of climate change have failed. How can you fix a problem when you don't even understand it?	2
There was a poll stating if you wanted to be taxed to help fight climate change, and quite a lot of people voted in favour being taxed up to 10% to fight it.  Which i think is ridiculous, there are more concerning issues to deal with first before even thinking about dealing with climate change thats a problem for the far future. Theres people striking for better wages. Healthcare is under-funded, very long wait times for people waiting to receive life changing treatment. Population is heading for a decline as no one wants to have kids in this shit economy. Theres a cost of living crisis, food is becoming more expensive and everyday items whilst our wages remain stagnant. And yet some people got the audacity to want to be taxed FURTHER, just for climate change, which itself is a dumb way to go about fixing climate change as its the corporations that should be taxed and regulated. But even if goverment did tax u for climate change, knowing how incompetent they are, they wouldnt even spend it properly or just steal it. If only these people cared this much for the real issues at hand, maybe the world would be a better place. But no, they heard influencers on social media tell them they MUST do something for climate change otherwise they are directly responsible for it, when the big corpos are causing the majority of emissions and the influencers themselves dont use public transport or attempt to reduce their emissions but the hypocrites they are will tell others to cut down their emissions.	2
Both are not listening to well established science for whatever reason.   Climate change deniers may even be worse because their belief is damaging to the world while the flat earth belief is not necessarily harmful and most can see it’s silly.	2
Seems too often I hear someone say that climate change, in their opinion, is just a cycle the planet goes through and people have nothing to do with it. News flash, the experts are not divided. It's been mathematically proven we have driven our issues to all time heights at a massively increased pace.	2
Everyone says save the Earth, but the Earth is saving itself. A science teacher I had described it as a fever: the Earth is killing us off so it can recover from our damage, just like how our bodies fight illness by raising our temperature to kill it off. But, the Earth will be totally fine. Just like the Earth is still here after the Ice Age, the Earth will still be here after this climate crisis. Only difference is that we won't be here anymore.  Once the humans are all gone, the Earth can recover from our pollution and destruction. Our planet is better off without humans, especially because our destructive lifestyles are so culturally normalized. We can't undo this in time to save ourselves.   I think we might as well live it up while we still can, then go out gracefully.	2
Enterprises, laws, governments, producers are the only ones that can make real impact, even if you recycle and separate your trash you're at the mercy of your local government actually  recycling.	2
I support the science behind climate change.  I support the ethical position of vegans to the extent that farm animals are often treated inhumanely.  I do believe there are health benefits to eating plant based sources of food.  I consume a minimal amount of meat on the basis that it's origins are probably inhumane and the animal I am consuming is probably sick and unhealthy. If I do consume meat directly it's from a source I know is free range and natural.  *Edit: I also don't eat seafood. I've never liked it personally since as a young child I visited wet and smelly fish markets.*  **But... The argument that Veganism will save the planet irks me:**  More than 4 billion people **rely** on seafood as a nutritional food source, more than for chicken, beef  The required amount of land for the increased plant based agriculture will require much greater amounts of forest clearing.  Water consumption for plant based agriculture is high and inefficiently used with high rates of evaporation. Rice and nuts have a high water cost.  There is a misconception that plant based agriculture is eco-friendly and involves people harvesting vegetables from small farms. It isn't. In order to achieve commercial scale it is heavily industrialised, involves pesticides, animal pest control, heavy machinery and GMO.  The majority of the world's population doesn't have access to a Whole Foods supermarket and the luxury of planning a balanced and nutritional plant based substitute diet by researching on the internet.  Peta picked up some early research on the methane production of cows and their contribution to climate change and ran with it. Beyond is using at a marketing tool. It isn't grounded in reality and only looks at the impact of animal products without taking into consideration the cost of alternative substitutes or it's impact on developing nations.  The caveat to the above is seaweed farming which is completely passive, 100% organic and simply involves cultivating and harvesting something which grows naturally. They are also a fantastic carbon sink and have a positive impact on marine life. Eat more seaweed.  The solution is a reduction of waste. We produce more than we consume. [40% of food is wasted in the US](https://www.nrdc.org/resources/wasted-how-america-losing-40-percent-its-food-farm-fork-landfill). If we reduce waste we reduce consumption and production. Regardless of whether it is plant or animal based that will have a positive impact on the environment.	2
Simply agreeing with scientific consensus does not somehow make you an expert in the field. Worse which, while the premise that human activity is affecting the climate is almost beyond doubt at this point, I doubt that many of the subsequent claims made by these people is so widely agreed upon by the objective scientific community, and they frequently utilise arguments that would be summarily dismissed if they were being used to make the opposite point.	2
I live in Alberta. We just had that Greta girl come to town and caused protests.  I'm happy to say that a lot of people came out to support her. Good for them I guess.  Here's the deal though: Climate Change is a bullshit argument.  You can simply say 'pollution is bad', and objectively, most sane people would agree with you.  Climate Change is a weasel argument started by rich people to pit poor people against each other.  In this case, left leaning youth versus right leaning blue collar people who think these kids want them unemployed because they're supposedly destroying the planet because the science is still up for debate whether climate change is man made or natural.  Who gives a fuck? Not a single damned person can stop naturally occurring climate shifts.  We can all try to do better for the environment and we should just because it's the right thing to do. Being manipulated by billionaires on both sides of the climate debate just screws us all while the biggest polluters do nothing but get paid.  Those Operation Extinction activists are being misled and the tactics they pull are damaging to their cause. They're abrasive, ignorant, and  do the exact opposite of their goals.	0
"We are killing our natural habitat in many more ways than climate change, climate change is just a tiny speculative fraction of it.  We are suffocating the planet by building roads, we are killing all species at once, we are genetically modifying plants making them unable to grow in natural conditions, we procreate, we create sufdering everywhere including ourselves because of not living natural life and the list goes on.  Climate change makes it seem as if its one problem of  the future but we are already done.  Go your own way instead of following the system and take as many with you as you can, this way you can do a change, just ""giving awareness"" won't do shit if you keep on consuming from the system."	2
The science says that the earth is currently in a global warming period (one of many) and that humans contribute to some degree to the rate of change. We dont know how much, if its catastrophic, if we can stop it, if we should stop it, and what government policies would be effective. All the rest is just guess work and sensationalism.   This alarmism is manufactured and based entirely on unrealistic worst case scenarios formulated by people who dont understand the data to sell ads and clicks.   Environmentalist alarmism is im just secular doomsday predictions and its equally as foolish.  Edit. I genuinely had no idea so many of you were this stupid. 	2
Just as the title says. If you genuinely don't believe climate change is real, you are as dumb as someone who believes in flat-earth. You are denying the facts from worldwide scientific organizations in the same ways.	2
We have 7,800,000,000 people on this rock as of March 2020. We’ve gone from 2 billion in 1930 to almost 8 billion in just 90 years. It’s out of control!  Nobody seems to talk about this but it seems obvious to me that the real way to drastically reduce carbon emission and the harm we are inflicting on this planet to to simply reduce our population.  Get every nation to commit to population reduction targets. Am I crazy?  Edit for clarity: I’m not taking about killing anyone. (Enough with the “you first” lol). Just deliberate global effort over a 200+ year period.	2
It’s a technological one. With the current methods of energy production we use climate change is unavoidable. Add to that issue the fact that across the world there are different nations with different different views and impacts on the climate, and no matter how much we try to decrease the carbon footprint on a local, national, or even international level it’s not gonna solve the problem. Climate change is going to be solved by scientists making a breakthrough with carbon recapture and/or energy production, not by your everyday joe turning off the lights when they leave the house.	2
With the earth warming up, and climate change happening, people are afraid for the future. Part of the reason for this fear is because people focus only on the negative aspects of climate change, like more extreme weather. They don’t stop to consider the benefits it could have. One such benefit is an increase in agricultural output. Climate change will lead to an expansion in areas with sufficient warmth for growing, an increase in CO2, which is essential to crop growth, and an increase in rainfall due to higher sea levels. Food will become a lot more affordable to people around the world. Here’s another potential benefit of climate change: it will allow more ports to open because of melted ice caps. Currently, countries like Russia and Canada have very limited options for ocean trade despite having huge coastlines because most of their coastlines are blocked by ice. Melting ice can open up many more ports for these countries, boosting their economies and by extensions that of the world. Climate change is nothing to be afraid of. It should be seen as something with pros and cons.	2
When I grew up in rural America my parents had me in cloth diapers, a huge garden, clothes dried on lines, we ate what we brought in, and drove only a few times a week. The same people who are bitching about climate change wouldn't give up their Hamilton tickets, world travel, or instant access 30 different restaurants. Huge cities are directly related to the problem...and housing/lending crisis. Massive lifestyle change is necessary for entire metropolitan populations.	2
I find it a bit funny how we humans have convinced ourselves that we are the beginning and end of life on earth. The earth has been through and survived several climate changing events for eons, from asteroid impacts deadlier than all existing nuclear arsenal combined, giant volcanic eruptions that blanketed the atmosphere with greenhouse gases to an ice age that lasted for millions of years, but the earth still cleaned up after itself and kick-started the evolution of life all over again and again.  We greatly underestimate the power of the earth to heal itself and regenerate life possibly because that's a gift we don't possess and cannot fathom. Areas covered with huge amounts of radiation such as Chernobyl still breed life to this day.  So when next you hear about how irreparable damage is being done to the earth by climate change, just remember, we humans might succeed in rendering ourselves extinct but the Earth will always be here to pick itself up and begin the process of evolving intelligent life all over again.  Edit: The downvotes tell me this is a true unpopular opinion. No one likes being told they're not special, but in a cosmic lens that's a general fact with us humans. We might go extinct due to climate change but the earth won't. I actually think that's comforting. Should intelligent life evolve again they'll learn from our mistakes.	0
I am behind the protests about climate change and I’m not denying climate change is happening - but I find Greta so annoying with her preaching holier than thou talks. At first, I was like isn’t this great, a young girl like her with such a worthy cause, but now She irritates the hell out of me when I hear her talk - She shouts and preaches and I don’t think this endears people to her causes in the slightest!	2
Eliminate the majority of humans from earth. Either blast everyone into space and put them all in space craft (which would create much more carbon emissions). Or, force a global reproduction limit on new births. Or, worse.  The human species is not very smart. We are greedy, impulsive and lazy. These traits make it so we will never succeed at fixing climate change. Climate change will happen regardless of what we do. There are too many of us. We will not force corporations to clean up. Other countries will not stop polluting as it helps them politically and economically to keep the status quo.  When you buy eco friendly and organic, it's is an insignificant impact on basically nothing. The product you bought was put on the same truck, came from the same foreign factory and traveled 30000000000 miles to get to you. We would literally need to go back to the dark ages and not even burn wood to get the planet back on track. That will not happen.  Unless some new technology comes along that has a significant impact on our carbon addiction, we are screwed. The only real solution would be to have less of us here.	2
"When just 100 companies produce 70% of the carbon that is killing the planet it's not up to individuals to recycle a bit more or make sure they turn off the lights when they're not in the room. It's up to government to step in and set regulations that limit the amount of damage companies can legally do to the earth.  The ""individuals can make small changes to lead sustainable lives"" is a very convenient narrative for big business to push so that the focus is on us and not them - even though they must change more drastically and much sooner."	2
There is no evidence suggesting otherwise. Climate change is happening and most people who claim it isn't are being paid by Oil Companies etc.   &amp;#x200B;  Now I recognize most people think this may be to far though in Germany as most may know denying the Holocaust is illegal ( I recognize the diffrence between these things one already happend). The Point stands I feel like if we as humans all want climate change to stop we should first all have to agree that it is happening.   As for how it should be punished I don't really care prison seems harsh. Deplatforming people claiming this in media is a good solution if they want to keep their platform they'll have to go on air and say the recognize climate change and that it is happening.	2
NASA says that climate change is causing a pole shift - but what if it's the other way around?  I believe that a pole shift is causing climate change, not the other way around.  The fact that a couple of scientists can be so stupid and use a causation fallacy and get it backwards is beyond my comprehension.	2
People saying that climate change and discussing said change are just giving breath to the radicals who ignore thousands of studies. Climate change is a scientifically proven fact. Nothing about it is controversial. It is crystal clear and undoubtedly exists.	2
This isn’t a climate denial post, it’s an appeal not to use climate change as an excuse for things that are preventable. It is bizarre how much emphasis is on climate change for forest fires when all the warning signs have been there before. Yes, hot dry climate exasperates the issue, but the whole point of forest management is to prepare for these inevitable conditions. I’m convinced people and media are choosing to emphasise the climate change element for political reasons!	2
"Climate change is an issue. I'm not sure if it's as human driven as many would have us think, as there are natural phenomena that contribute to changes in weather, but it does exist and poses issues we need to deal with.   My issue with the movement, however, is the die-hard promotion of ineffective, inefficient, and expensive solutions that require incredible amounts of land and resources to even start to set up. Fossil fuels are filthy, but they output a lot of energy for relatively cheap. Average solar panels run at about 17-19% efficiency. This means that 17-19% of the light that hits the panel is converted into electricity. ([source](https://www.solar.com/learn/solar-panel-efficiency/))This is, of course, only even decently effective on a sunny day, and requires a fairly large coverage to even power basic appliances like a fridge.   Nuclear runs at closer to 35%, and doesn't rely on the weather to function. 1 kg of coal outputs about 8kWh of energy in a coal plant. About 240 of these plants provide 21.8% of the energy used in America (via eia.gov). 1 kg of uranium outputs 24 million kWh, with only 55 plants providing 18.9% of the US energy consumption, as of 2021 (also eia.gov). The land used in nuclear plants is a fraction of that required for solar or wind to output anywhere near that value.   For a better, more complete, and better researched explanation, please watch Kyle Hill's video about nuclear energy as it compares to other ""clean"" sources [here](https://youtu.be/J3znG6_vla0).   Regardless, politicians and climate change activists don't want to save the planet, they want to make money. Don't believe the government, they're more worried about control and profit. I'll start giving a damn about climate change when they do."	2
The theory has been debunked so many times I don't know how anyone can still believe it. The models are based on falsified information, none of the predictions have come true, the media makes up lies, there is no 97% consensus, none of the preachers have given up private jets and yachts, and if you still believe this nonsense, you're as gullible as an alter boy sucking a priests dick to get into heaven.	0
"Big corporations have been the largest polluters throughout all of history. They are the ones running big coal, big oil, driving deforestation, and dumping pollutant everywhere (illegally most of the time).   They want you to feel like YOU are to blame, so you can change YOUR behavior, but continue to buy their products and make them rich while they do next to nothing.   Only THEY can solve the problem, it's not your fault as a consumer, and they don't actually want you to stop consuming, they want you to ""consume responsibly"" which is impossible.   &amp;#x200B;  Their agenda is to keep the status quo while shifting the blame to you, while they make token efforts to ""go green"" but they will still maintain their polluting business practices."	2
Hybrid technology in cars has been tried and true for years now but still not widely adopted, yes there are plenty on the market but legislation and climate efforts should be much more focused on increasing the amount of hybrid vehicles on the road. From affordability and ease of maintenance to reducing the need to upgrade huge portions of the power grid, use-ability in cold weather climates and not having to mine huge amounts of lithium it makes no sense to me why there wasn’t a bigger push to get more on the road	2
The media continues to push this narrative that all is lost after 1.5 C. This is not true for each degree of warming the effects of climate change get worse but this doom porn is runs the real risk of causing less climate action as people fall into a despair thinking nothing they can do will help.   We need to address this ASAP or we will doom billions of people to unlivable conditions but the world will continue on with or without us.	0
I've never been one to deny global warming or climate change. But at the same time, I don't think we should be wasting trillions of dollars on an issue that isn't that big of a deal. The big scare story of climate change is that it will cause sea levels to rise and will flood major coastal regions like in South Asia and many people will die. Well this still isn't anywhere near being some extinction level event. Even with climate change humans will easily survive. The only ones who are threatened are those who live in large communities and nations on the coast who are at risk of flooding or those countries in Africa who are at risk if drought. But I'm sorry, it's partly their fault for continuing to live in such stupid risk averse regions and not using birth control to control the human population.  Why should I living in a first world country where we have easily controlled our populations have to reconfigure my entire economy and pay out billions of dollars for those people in countries like Bangladesh who don't want tk use condoms? Sorry, it is those people who need to change, not me.	0
Climate change is inevitable right now. The only solution is to have a large pool of base nuclear energy until renewables and intelligent electric offer with EV's is available.  Many people talk about renewables and that electric cars will make all easier because they will offer electricity when demand is high, but how do we get there? More EV's means more consumption and more coal, oil, etc. We need a clean intermediate phase.  &amp;#x200B;  Living in a dream is beautiful but Nuclear Energy is clean, safe and the only solution of transition to a 100% renewable scenario. Please inform yourself scientificaly about nuclear and leave your fears of chernobyl, we have the solution and we need to push our leaders.  &amp;#x200B;  Nuclear saves lives.	2
"As the climate change and pollution situation becomes ever more dire, everyone is looking for someone to pin the blame on, and increasing it seems like the go-to is corporations.  The corporations are polluting the air, the sky, the rivers and lakes and oceans. Superficially, that's certainly true. They are the ones buying the raw materials, they are the ones producing the waste and dumping it into the environment.  The question that everyone, even many progressives, seem to not want to ask is why?   They aren't spending all that money to manufacture aluminum cans filled with sugary carbonated water, cheap polyester clothing, steel, and concrete for nobody. They produce it because consumers are buying it.  If we lived in a perfect world and we could legislate away environmental and labor exploitation, that would be fantastic. But that's simply not the case. Representatives must appeal to their base and their donors to stay in power, and that often means that progress is slower than it probably should be.  As citizens of a primarily capitalist world, we have a two-fold responsibility.  1. To vote for government officials you think will bring about positive change, whatever that change may be. I 100% agree that government intervention is THE most effective way to affect structural change in an economy. 2. Vote with your wallet. Buy from companies and individuals with a model you believe in. It may not be as quick or as ""easy"", it may involve sacrificing a few things, but it is the only way to truly remove the root of the problem.  There is no world in which producing a can of coke to contain one drink and then be disposed of is not wasteful. The only way to make a company like Coca Cola not wasteful is to stop buying canned or bottled Coca Cola goods.  If you're worried about greenhouse emissions from animal agriculture, don't wait for methane detection and capture laws to be enforced (especially in terms of foreign producers). Eat less meat. You don't have to go vegan, just pick a goal and do it. Meatless mondays, great. Vegan breakfasts, great! No meat during the work week? Wonderful!  Any reduction in demand is you placing a vote and directly reducing the amount of production and therefore pollution that is happening (once the analysts see the trends, of course.)  My point is that we aren't victims of a corrupt society. We are its active participants.  Buying local or seasonal produce, eating less meat, using reusable containers and utensils, buying for life, donating to environmental conservation initiatives or climate lobbying groups, participating in such groups, driving a smaller car, taking public transport when possible, etc. Every change counts.  Don't wait for the governments of the world to take action. Don't think that your contribution is meaningless. The 200+ governments of the world do not represent the voices of 7.7 billion.   Whatever change you think you have the resources and willpower to enact, DO IT.  Edit: Ok, evaluating the responses I’m getting to the post, it seems that perhaps I have made the title a bit inflammatory. I don’t mean to say that the reason that we are here now isn’t because of corporations. Perhaps a better title would be: Companies DO NOT have the impetus for reducing climate change and environmental destruction; people do."	2
It doesnt matter if you believe in it or not (I do), or if its natural or a result of human activity (probably a bit of both), because its totally out of our hands. I say this because the BIGGEST polluters are massive 3rd world nations like China and India. The US is only responsible for about 18% of it. It doesnt matter if we outlaw oil and coal tomorrow in the entire 1st world, we will just have to turn to China and India to produce our goods, and they give absolutely no shits about the environment, just like the vast majority of the world.   Climate change is inevitable. Unless you take the planet hostage and impose a ban on petroleum products, it will continue.  If people start talking about imposing more restrictions on petroleum in 1st world countries, they have an agenda. Either making money through taxes (carbon offset taxes) or crippling industry at the behest of foreign competitors.	2
"Not that anthropogenic climate change isn't happening....I fully acknowledge that it is. But I don't acknowledge the situation is as dire as a lot of people like to claim/pretend/have been brainwashed to believe.   The end game here is fear and it is working. You have an entire generation of gullible naive young people who have bought into the climate change cult to the point where they just parrot the same old ""consensus"" crap without ever questioning it or anything associated with it.   Science and technology will likely solve the ""crisis""on before it gets to the point of the ""world ending"" like these crazy brainwashed people are claiming is going to happen in 10-12 years.   Scaring people for political gains is just pathetic."	0
Some places will benefit from climate change some will lose.  But the post apocalyptic version many of the greens see will not happen.  Sure climate is changing but it was never going to stay the same... nor will the major coastal cities find themselves under water any time soon.  We can't really affect it in the long term and all these green initiatives are just a way to siphon money from the common folk thru additional taxes.    People will adapt after all that's the game of life, adapt and overcome.  If the choice is between my car or keeping the same climate for a generation or two I choose my car.	2
"The people who ride around rolling coal or pretending that ""there isn't climate change cuz all dis snow hur durr"" are speeding along the deaths of literally millions of people due to the effects of climate change. We're all going to die in 50 years because their ignorance is blocking conservation efforts, I don't see why we shouldn't deal with them now to try and protect literally the only planet with life we're ever going to find.   &amp;#x200B;  It's pretty clear for anyone to see that these people can't be convinced with words, they double down on their way of life despite whatever harm they cause *even to themselves;* they're beyond irrational, they're happily killing themselves, and they have the fucking audacity to drag all of us down with them.  &amp;#x200B;  An entire subsection of the human population and doesn't give a shit about the future for us, our children, and our grandchildren, and I'm supposed to respect that? I'm supposed to respect them? **Fuck no, bud**. They're just proud, ignorant fucks who don't deserve to breathe the air they're polluting. The politicians who spread that shit? Even worse.   &amp;#x200B;  Fuck 'em; if they're ok with killing all of us, they deserve the same."	2
Nature never intended this many humans on Earth, modern medicine and factory farming has created an unnatural species boom.  We can try our best to multiply and not change the climate, but we are where we are at because there are too many of us.	2
Climate change is a huge issue. It threatens biodiversity, the safety of coastal settlements, and most of the ocean as we know it. Climate change does not, however, threaten humanity as a whole.  The human race is not going to go extinct.   Stop touting the concept that if we don't act on climate change, we're all going to die. It's uneducated and deligitimizes the green movement as a whole.   Rising sea levels are not going to kill us, we can migrate or build sea walls. Fewer species is not going to kill us, we just might have to survive off of different foods than normal. The death of coral reefs is not going to kill us.   The only effect of climate change that threatens us is the reduced production of oxygen which, is being solved as we speak. Sinuous honestly think that any government is going to watch humanity suffocate? We can plant more trees is Northern areas; we can produce our own oxygen. It will be more monetarily expensive, but not the end of the world.   Climate change has real, extremely important impacts. The oceans are being bleached, the forests are being burned, and biodiversity is being destroyed before our eyes. These issues should be enough to convince anybody to act on climate change. They are why climate change needs to be stopped.   Stop touting false information. Saying that humanitybis going to die from climate change is patently false. It's a scare tactic. It's propoganda. You don't need lies to support your argument when the facts are on your side. By spreading these lies, you make our whole argument seem peas trustworthy. You give power and credence to climate deniers/skeptics.  Climate change is a major issue, but it's not a threat to humanity.   Edit: I realized my mistake in wording. It is a *threat* but not an extinction level threat. Hope that clarification makes more sense.	2
We are constantly lectured by politicians and activists that climate change is a major threat to our planet and the existential crisis of our time.  Conservatives oftentimes call out the hypocrisy of Al Gore owning a home that uses more electricity in 1 year than the average US household uses in 22 years or how Leonardo DiCaprio flies on private jets when speaking at climate conferences.  They sometimes take it a step further and say if you are serious about climate change you shouldn't own a car.  I believe this goes a bit too far as many people rely on a car for transportation and to earn a living.   With that being said, we all generally agree that people are causing the issue of climate change.   Many people are pledging not to have children until action is taken on climate change.   Furthermore, most dogs an cats eat a meat rich diet.  There is a climate impact to raise these animals to feed our pets.   If you really believe climate change is a huge problem then you should do your part by not having kids or pets.	0
Leftists, like myself, rightly point out right-wing anti-science nonsense like climate change denial.  But the Left is a hotbed of antivaxxers, GMO alarmists, and pro-organic radicals, all of which is as scientifically unfounded as climate denial.  Scientific illiteracy isn't a partisan problem.	2
IDK if others talk about it, and I didn't do number or am an expert on such matters but  Droughts, floods, fires and probably affecting local temperatures...  Why no one talked about how much we mess with the natural water movements?  Concrete, storm drain etc, diver water that used to be soaking in local soil.  Modern farming, highly constrains ground water retention  On top of that all modern water storage, between bottled water, water towers, pumps, toilets, we have more water out of the natural system than ever and pushing more of it in specific ways  Why is no one blaming our water and land management for some of the issues, especially for floods and droughts?	2
We need a World War 2 equivalent effort starting immediately to install clean power and mitigations for the effects of shutting down fossil fuels. No matter how bad it is it won't be worse than climate change.	2
"What a brilliant song wrapped up in a poppy package. If you listen to the lyrics it is about how living for oneself is causing the slow destruction of our planet. It's saying 'be yourself, but do no harm."" I think the song is even more relavent today with influencer culture. We did not listen to the message of the song unfortunately, and have continued to let the world ""be on fire"".   Listen to it again and think about what he is saying in the song.  ""It's a cool place and they say it gets colder You're bundled up now, wait 'til you get older But the meteor men beg to differ Judging by the hole in the satellite picture The ice we skate is getting pretty thin The water's getting warm so you might as well swim My world's on fire, how about yours? That's the way I like it and I'll never get bored"""	2
People who say the world is going to end in ten or twenty years have plugged their ears to reason and don’t want to consider flaws in their arguments just like the people who say climate change Isn’t real or that man made industry hasn’t had any effect on it. You’ve read too many YA books, we’re not gonna have a hunger games any time soon.	2
At this point, the reality of climate change is well established and the science is irrefutable. And yet. These people want to bury their heads in the sand. So my thought is this, let's let them bury their heads in literal sand!   Since they have no belief that the seas are rising and the Earth warming, an all-expense paid one-way trip to the most at-risk coastal areas should sound like a pretty good deal to them, while freeing up much-needed territory for people who still have enough brains in their heads to care about trying to survive on this changing planet.  It's a win-win, in my unpopular opinion.	2
But it's the noisy minority that are pushing it and it's easy for politicians and the media to latch onto.  For example if you had the choice to 2 similar products, one was less eco friendly but cheaper, most people would choose the cheaper option	1
You can't. It's an everlasting cycle. That's why we've had several ice ages. That's why there have been aquatic fossils found in the deserts.   That being said, I do support renewable energy and cutting out non-biodegragable plastics. They don't help the earth or it's inhabitants. And it doesn't necessarily help with warming. But to say that getting rid of all these would stop global warming is a complete lie.	2
I don't care about the effects of climate change because I alone can't fix the problem. Corporations will always choose profit over the wellness of civilians. Climate change is inevitable, and even if we all try very hard, we can only slow it down marginally. I am concerned about the wellbeing of myself and my family in the immediate future. I do not care about what happens 100+ years from now.	2
My footprint is not responsible for any part of climate change.  I'll never go out of my way to harm earth, but I'm not going to actively cut back on anything, I'm never going to hold a picket sign that accomplishes next to nothing.  I am not responsible for climate change and as such I'm not going to take steps to fix something that is in no way my fault.   China, India, other developing nations are the primary culprits of what the perceived problem actually is.  Focus your energy on them, not me.    You're free to engage in any level of saving the earth you personally want, but don't burden me with your problems when I'm not contributing to the problem. If you're truly worried about the problem you wouldn't be holding the iPhone you're reading this on right now and you'd own no car.   Good day.	2
I feel like people don't have enough natural history knowledge to think about climate change in the right context. Consider the following four points.  Point 1: The Earth has been so hot in the past that there was no ice at the poles. The Earth has been so cold in the past that ice has covered the entire surface of the Earth up to the equator. And the climate on Earth has bounced between these two states 14 times.  Point 2: There is nothing special about humans, so humans affecting the climate of Earth is no different than cyanobacteria affecting the climate on Earth, as they once did. Cyanobacteria's existence led to change in the environment that led to the death of many species, but also ushered in new species which were more suited for that environment. Things like this has happened many times in Earth history involving different species and different geological processes. Humans today are just the cyanobacteria from hundreds of million of years ago. Many species will die and new species will come to dominate.  Point 3: In 600 million years or so (plus or minus a few hundred million years), the Sun will be much hotter such that all the water on Earth would have evaporated into space and Earth will become a baron inhospitable planet. Eventually becoming something like Mercury.  Point 4: Humans have existed as a species for only 200,000 years. Other species have existed for 200 million years. The chance that our species will exist for 200 million years and we just happen to be here in the first 0.1% of our species existing is very low. Hence, it is likely our species will die off within hundreds of thousands or million of years.  Considering these four points, I think fighting climate change is pointless. Even if we managed to curb climate change, there would still be an infinite number of new problems. Just let it go and let nature take its course.	2
"If a powerful politician/doctor/whoever sat on stage telling the world about the evils of a specific drink, ""don't touch it, its filled with carcinogens and will make you infertile!"" while sipping it on camera, people wouldn't believe the message. And that would be on the doctor, not the crowd who sees the obvious absurdity.  The largest climate conferences have private jet parking. The people speaking out the loudest on climate change act like they themselves do not believe in it, and people notice this. They buy yachts, mansions, they become vegan while flying privately to the Bahamas every other week.  But it goes even further than just appearances. Politically, climate bills are not designed to pass. They are not presented with compromises that would win them votes, they are not reasonable and actionable solutions, they are ""we are going to tear down and rebuild every building in the us and THEN we punch everyone on the opposite side of the aisle in the nuts"" Then they decry ""why did they not vote for the bill to get punched???""  If the future of humanity depends on getting these bills passed you compromise and make deals, instead they seem to actively TRY and fill them with things the opposite side of the aisle can never in good conscience vote for.   &amp;#x200B;"	2
"I'm a millennial who's been a believer in Climate Change all my life, up until late 2021. I used to believe Trump's biggest policy weakness (prior to Covid) was saying that Climate Change was a Chinese hoax. When Republican Senator Inhoffe brought a snowball to the Capitol, I thought he was the biggest clown in the world's biggest circus.  But Conservatives have already been labeled as ""Climate Deniers""- of course they'd say those things- so nothing they do really moves the needle on this issue.  But then you look at the liberals/Democrats:  * [""We're all going to die in 10-12 years!""](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/onpolitics/2019/01/22/ocasio-cortez-climate-change-alarm/2642481002/) Five years later, they're still saying we're going to die in 10 years. Literally every doomsday climate prediction has failed- it's like listening to religious nuts talk about the rapture. * Literally every hurricane in Florida is caused by ""Climate Change"". (Well shit, Florida's always had hurricanes- so has the climate just always been changing?) * Dr. Greta Thunberg is an ""expert"", but she's clearly incapable of a single, independent thought. When asked [why she only denounces Western oil companies, but not OPEC or Russia](https://twitter.com/KatieDaviscourt/status/1616488713705652224) (FFS Russia...), she choked up and ignored the question, because she can't go off-script even a tiny bit. (A normal person who finished school would easily say, ""Yes, fuck 'em both."") * The ""97% consensus"" (Cook et al) cited by politicians is a flat-out lie. The only consensus is that human activity causes greenhouse gasses, and greenhouse gasses cause warming- that does not automatically mean it will change the climate. The ""consensus"" does not take into account the millions of ways Earth has of cycling through these greenhouse gasses. * Fly private jets literally everywhere they go (including and especially so-called Climate Summits), but shame on you for driving your car.  And then you look at all the ""solutions"" they propose- and they don't make a lick of sense regarding Climate Change  * The Central Maine Corridor project seeks to fully electrify the state of Massachusetts. They will do it by **cutting down the last great forest of the east coast**, because those pesky trees get in the way of the power lines they seek to build. * Building a single electric car requires A LOT of fossil fuels and industrial mining. Most electric cars still get their power from **coal plants**. Liberal politicians already acknowledge this, but no one has a viable solution that can be implemented by 2030 (the targeted year to ban gas-powered cars)    * Politicians **know** that there is not enough rare metals on earth to replace every gas-powered car with an EV. The ONLY way they can fully electrify automobiles is 1) pricing out the middle class or 2) straight-up banning cars * Strong opposition to nuclear energy, despite it being the only viable no-carbon solution. It was only in 2020 that Democrats finally stopped opposing it openly, but it's clear they have no interest in advancing it. * Eating meat bad, but mono-cropping soybeans good! * Climate change is (possibly) killing polar bears? We have to do something!!! Wind farms are killing endangered eagles and whales? Well fuck 'em! * Now the newest shit: A startup called [**Make Sunsets**](https://makesunsets.com/) wants to **fucking block out the sun** by releasing aerosol toxins into the air. Biden already announced he was considering this as a viable solution. WTF??? Does no one notice this is just straight-up air pollution? * Black Rock assigns ESG scores to companies and nations based on ""Climate Change"" initiatives-- but simultaneously pushes people to invest in China (by far the biggest carbon producer) as much as possible, even when Covid made it clear China is definitely not a reliable business partner.  Last but not least, Energy Secretary Jennifer Granholm was the last nudge I needed to finally accept Climate Change as the scam it is. She shows zero subtlety in the fact that she profiteers off this agenda. She invests in EV companies despite her high position, a blatant conflict of interest. [She laughs at the idea of high gas prices](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seIyfixWTGw), even during a much needed economic recovery. And her most recent stunt, [she uses her staff's gas-powered](https://nypost.com/2023/09/12/cops-called-after-jennifer-granholm-staffer-uses-gas-powered-car-to-hold-ev-charging-spot-for-biden-energy-secretary/) car to hide the fact that EV infrastructure is still way too lacking to phase out gas.  Liberals in power clearly don't act like they care about Climate Change. No longer believing in this doomsday hoax feels like I've left a cult."	2
"Honestly, I don't understand why people are so adamant about the ""need"" to stop climate change. People have been saying for years if we don't stop what we are doing, then we're all gonna die. But none of that is true. I can all but guarantee that I will not die in the next 10, 20, 30, etc. years because the oceans are a little bit warmer or it doesn't snow as much one year. Just go out and live your life, we all have a limited time here, might as well have fun with the world while we have it instead of holding ourselves back because people are so paranoid over climate change."	0
Whether you like to believe Climate change or not, the severity of which by many people has been, shall we say, exaggerated and sensationalized by certain figures.   You’ve probably heard these claims: the ice caps will disappear in the Arctic by the year 2000, sea levels will rise to inhospitable levels in certain places, temperature rises are going to cause countless diseases and will force people to move north.   Any kind of scientist that actually researches this stuff will tell you that the actual changes we’ll be seeing are quite small, if indeed climate change is real and that changes we observe are not simply natural. Sea levels may only rise a few inches, temperature by a degree over the next 100 years, y’know.   This sensationalism of the truth does no good for anyone. It makes people in support unwilling to compromise because they believe it’s a life or death situation, and soon. It also makes people unnecessarily scared for things that, according to the data, have no chance of occurring anytime soon (say Florida going underwater). I’ve seen too many people say stuff where they seriously believe hundreds of millions will have to relocate due to climate catastrophes.   On the other side, when sensationalized things don’t come true, it isolates people who may have been willing to support the cause bc they’ve seen it as a “boy who cried wolf” situation. It gets even some people to believe that actions in “going green” are not done for the sake of being good to the environment but for ulterior motives.   It’s a no win game for anyone.	1
"Basically what the title says   I'm not a denier but I do notice that climate activists focus all of their efforts on reducing western countries climate footprints, even though if China and India continue down their courses change will happen regardless of what the west does   If you truly believe humanity will end there is no solution that is too extreme, at the very least you should advocate for absolute trade sanctions against any countries that don't meet certain standards, a trade war should be the bare minimum, but if you believe humanity will end why not launch missile strikes against Chinese and Indian industry to end their pollution?   I believe in climate change, but I also believe what most climate activists are really after is imposing their preferred economic/political system in their own country and they see the alarmism of ""we will all die if we don't get X"" as the best way to get what they want "	2
They don't actually care about the climate they're just attention whores. Their protests have 0 effect and the people they are hurting aren't the cause of global warming. They should go protest the billion dollar companies that actually pollute the environment and petition their local government to implement more mass transit.    A single cargo ship burning bunker fuel releases as much greenhouse gases as 50 million diesel cars.   The 17 largest cargo ships pollute as much as every single passenger vehicle in the world combined	2
Whenever I see a discussion about climate activism, especially the kind that inconveniences anyone or suggests they need to make drastic changes in their life to help fight climate change, the excuse is that the average person can't possibly do anything about it that will matter so we should focus on the rich &amp; all the companies causing climate change. If that's the case, then how much more threatening can climate change deniers really be than anyone else? If no regular person can do anything that will matter, how are they any different if they have no influence in politics or economics? They're only marginally worse than Flat Earthers.	2
"Climate change is real, and almost certainly our fault. Pumping out greenhouse gases is messing up the planet. But here's the deal: while climate change is a big deal, it's not gonna wipe out everything and everyone. It's serious, but painting it as the ultimate disaster doesn't help anyone get on board with fixing it.  Different parts of the world will feel climate change differently. Some places might get hit hard, like with rising sea levels and crazy weather. But guess what? Not every place will be a climate catastrophe. Some spots, especially those cooler areas, will benefit and become more livable and fecund, not less.  The super-rich, who own literally 50% of the United States and similar percentages in other countries, and who can move around the planet like it's their personal playground, will not feel any negative effects of climate change. Rather than frolicing on the Riviera, they will frolic on the beaches in Germany, because they can adapt and escape the worst. But let's be real, most of us aren't in that club.  Here's the thing: when climate change activists go all ""end of the world"" on us, it can actually backfire. People start tuning out because the message sounds too extreme. It's like if you've heard the world's gonna end a thousand times (which we all have) you stop taking it seriously. So, let's talk straight and focus on real solutions. Real solutions means affecting the rich who own the  places where the lion's share of the pollution is created, and who directly benefit from generating pollution in the form of decreased costs and increased market share - and more money: not the people who are just trying to get to work."	2
"A lot of people are living paycheck to paycheck. They need to get to work on time. If you block traffic and shut down the highway, you are hurting regular working people.  Just 100 companies have been the source of more than 70% of the world’s greenhouse gas emissions since 1988, according to a new report.   source: [https://www.theguardian.com/sustainable-business/2017/jul/10/100-fossil-fuel-companies-investors-responsible-71-global-emissions-cdp-study-climate-change](https://www.theguardian.com/sustainable-business/2017/jul/10/100-fossil-fuel-companies-investors-responsible-71-global-emissions-cdp-study-climate-change)      If you want to raise awareness of climate change, advocate to your local politicians or make a documentary. If you want to punish people for harming the environment, then go to the corporations and boycott them or ask our government to have sanctions or laws to encourage better behavior.  Don't prevent single moms and working class people from getting to work. Some people work retail and hospitality, and managers can be total jerks and give you ""points"" for showing up late. If you accumulate too many points, you get fired.   Some people are going to medical appointments, and if they show up late, they basically forfeit the appointment.   Some people are going to court. They certainly don't need to be late to court.  Tell me how inconveniencing these people helps the clouds, or the sky, or the rainforest?   You are a piece of human garbage if you want to disrupt regular people over the climate crisis. Go bother politicians or corporations. Stop ruining the lives of regular people.    "	1
"Yes, that's it. You cannot stop climate change under capitalism and the current production model, which focuses more on consuming as much as you can rather than consuming what you need.  Capitalism is killing the planet, and while pollution is needed for development (although China and the USSR did not pollute as much as Europe and the USA), something that is NOT needed is burning down acres and acres of forests just to plant soy because ""it gives more money"", or basically polluting entire bodies of water just to make more Coke.  ""But socialism never worked xd"". Yes, it never worked. It never worked for the rich people who lost their power just because they were rich. The power was with the people. And besides, socialist countries have better social security overall. It's not a coincidence that old people from the USA are moving to Vietnam because they have a decent health care system, right?  Oh, and don't worry, we're not after your oversized car or your suburban house or your small hardware store, we're after the big guys. You, who consider yourself a ""capitalist"", who owns a 1998 Toyota Hilux, has your own house and runs a small business, you're not the problem. Actually, you will still have your house, business, and car under socialism. We're after the big fish, big corporations who are killing the planet. They are the problem, not you.   Join us, comrade. We have nothing to lose but our chains."	2
Anyone or any family who is just barely getting by or worst (eg. homeless), should not have to worry about climate change. Their immediate threat is not the climate, it's being able to have a place to live and survive.  These people are using whatever is necessary to survive. They're not excessively consuming. If you think about it, 30 years ago to now, these people have only been breathing and surviving, yet some of them are being hit with extra taxes when they are barely getting by. They're expected to go green by buying EV when they can't even afford one, let alone a home to charge them. It just doesn't make sense for these people that they should be fighting climate change.  Meanwhile, the well off and rich people are going on vacations, using private jets, buying up properties like toys and charging the ones barely getting by up the ass on rent, driving their $150,000 BMW and Mercedes, going to watch air jet shows, sailing on their yacht, the list goes on. These people are the ones excessively consuming and emitting, that's why they don't care about the extra taxes imposed on them. You think they're worried about the extra $0.30 per litre on gasoline? You think they worry about the $10 that they pay for 12 eggs? That's why they have the time and resources to tell everyone to go green because they can afford to go green.  Going green isn't cheap and people who can't afford it shouldn't be advocating for it without being financially secured first. And they can't do that with everything being increasingly expensive these days.	2
There seems to be a growing number of people who genuinely think Jesus was not a real person. The overwhelming consensus of historians and classicists contradicts this. It is not a contested idea. The only way you can possibly deny Jesus existed is if you think there is a global conspiracy in which virtually every university on Earth is complicit. The evidence is enough to convince basically every expert in the field. If you are still a Jesus mythicist then you are no different to an anti-vaxxer or climate change denialist denying the overwhelming expert consensus in favour of conspiracy theories.	1
Kicking the knees out from under the successful does not make the unsuccessful better off.   Lowering test score goals does not make the less intelligent any smarter.   Making school lunches have fewer Calories does not reduce obesity in children.   Increasing the cost of gas in the US does not reduce pollution in any meaningful way across the globe. It makes literally everything more expensive for everyone. This is incredibly difficult for the poor and middle class.   Increasing the cost of, readily available, energy dense, infrastructure ready, fossil fuels is causing so much damage. Not to mention we are pretty much gate keeping less developed countries from cheap energy.   Solar sucks. Wind sucks. They produce so little power for the cost and they take up a shitload of space. Here in the Midwest, a power plant that burns natural gas or ethanol or even diesel would take up the same space as a single wind turbine and it would produce sooo much more power.   Renewables make so little sense when we could be burning shit and just catching the pollutants or compensating for them. It would be cheaper at pretty much the same pollution level. Those wind turbines and solar panels aren’t pollution free. They don’t last forever. They’re not getting recycled. The battery banks necessary to make that shit work at the level we need would take an extreme amount of lithium and you can bet your bottom dollar that the dump truck hauling the ore around are not electric. Wind turbine companies are absolutely taking advantage of government money around here.  1. If your first response is an insult, you are actually part of the problem.   2. The point of this post is that making gas worse, does not make electric better. As is iterated by the first few points of the post. If electric vehicles aren’t a good enough product to stand on their own, they aren’t worth it. You cannot make electric trucks, tractors, or semis that compare to gas power vehicles. My electric lawn mower sucks compared to the gas powered version of the same cost.	2
Climate change is real and human caused. I’m not a fan of climate deniers. Now that that’s out of the way:    I think it’s pretty outrageous that politicians and celebrities who pretend to care about climate change simultaneously promote the bans of natural gas stoves and heaters. Natural gas is pretty low emissions and actually the most effective solution in many circumstances*; this is in sharp contrast to private jets that are almost always extremely wasteful. If everyone needs to make sacrifices for the planet, how about we start with the richest among us? Lead by example.    *I could be wrong so feel free to correct me but I’ve been told it’s more efficient to have a home be heated by natural gas rather than use electrical heat if the electricity is generated by primarily burning coal/oil.	2
***Disclaimer: I believe climate change is real and manmade.***   &amp;#x200B;  Gen Z is on track to be the least religious generation of all time (in America, at least).   Yet apparently we can't just go on living our lives without feeling guilty about ***something***.  Fortunately we have climate change! Now we can feel guilty about literally everything we do all of the time!  Whether it's driving a car, running the A/C, or leaving the bathroom light on too long, we're all climate change sinners!   Of course while Catholic guilt is completely irrational, whereas climate change guilt is routed in ***science***.   But it seems like most of Gen Z hasn't really looked at the science too closely.  Here are some common misconceptions that I've heard *personally*:  * Climate change is a threat to the survival of humanity  * Climate change is a threat to *all* life on earth  * If the polar ice caps melt, humanity is over  To me, these are just about as fanciful as Jesus rising from the dead. The science doesn't support any of them.   To put things into perspective, here's a graph of the average surface temperature over the last 500 million years.  [https://imgur.com/a/0MGhixM](https://imgur.com/a/0MGhixM)  For the \~150 million years that the dinosaurs were around, the average temperature fluctuated between where it is now and literally 16 degrees warmer (in Celsius).   If the dinosaurs could survive all that (it took a meteor to end them), humanity can survive climate change, whose worst-case-scenario has the earth's temp rising less than half that (only 7 degrees Celsius).  As for the polar ice caps, they didn't even exist 40 million years ago.   &amp;#x200B;	2
There's not that much to say.  We've been feeling the consequences of it  and we will continue to do so.   For those of us who care to know about climate change and the extent of it, even a little, the dissonance between the day to day and the very real consequences to come is maddening.  I think we've all chosen to stop caring about so much.  And I hope that one day we snap out of it.  I don't know what it would take, but I can only hope that we get a wake up call before it's too late to hope for anything.  Maybe that's a wildfire torching L.A.  Maybe it's evacuating Florida.  Who knows, but at some point we've got to give up on the normal hustle, cause it's going to kill us all.	2
It’s funny to me that the same people who are convinced that big pharma lied about the vaccine in order to make money are also those who believe climate change isn’t real or isn’t caused by humans. If you believe that there was an effort to downplay public health risks for the sake of profit in the vaccine scenario, surely you can also believe that oil companies have spent billions to muddy the waters around global warming for the sake of profit.   People will go after pharmaceutical companies and screech and holler about Faucci being a traitor, but for some reason if you suggest going after oil companies for years of lying to us about the environment and the damage they’ve done, it’s shrugged off and the topic is quickly changed.  In my mind, go after ALL these big evil megacorps- just don’t pick and choose where to direct your outrage based on your politics. And just because a company(heaven forbid) works with the government to address a problem, doesn’t mean that’s enough to convict them, bring evidence about what they did instead of your great uncle’s Facebook rant.	2
Title. Trees are a greenwashing technique to make people *feel* like they’re doing something. The reality is that trees are carbon storage, not a carbon sink. Once those trees die, they will decompose and release every CO2 molecule right back into the air. Trees (over time) are at very best carbon neutral. This also doesn’t account for the fact that tons of other GHG are in the air that don’t get removed by trees.  Trees are important and serve tons of roles for the ecosystem, but donating money to plant trees to combat climate change is throwing your money away. The way we plant trees does not promote healthy forest growth, it removes negligible amounts of carbon only for a (geologically) small amount of time, take up a lot of land, and oftentimes aren’t planted with enough diversity. A forest of 1 kind of tree is ripe for a disease to wipe them out and release all of that carbon right back.  If you want to impact climate change in any way, trees aren’t it and you’re buying into a marketing campaign.	2
All we hear right now is stories of all these heat waves. Horrible whether. Where I live the winters have gotten milder and more enjoyable, the summers are pleasant not too hot, beautiful stretches of amazing temps perfect for enjoying the outdoors. If climate change means where I live is now nice and where you live now isn’t. I’m ok with that.	2
"I first became *skeptical* of climate science because of the lies told on part of the NGOs and governments that have lead to money/power grabs on the part of oligarchs, or the oligarchs simply aren't practicing what they preach (e.g. grants and philanthropy become slush funds, climate change is an implanted political alignment used to control politicians, the science cannot be questioned, lithium refining for electric car batteries and the power grid necessary to sustain them is just as polluting as gasoline fuel, there are no restrictions regarding replacing plastic packaging with paper, Europe is closing clean nuclear plants for dirty fossil fuels in the name of climate change, fossil fuel companies fund most climate change ads and activists and try to force the end consumer to suffer on their behalf).  Now remember, I said I am *skeptical* of climate science. I don't claim that I *know* whether or not anthropogenic climate change is real (or as relevant and imminent as people think). So far I am doubtful that the current data on anthropogenic climate change indicates significant harm to our species for thousands of years, but I am open to more information that makes the destruction more imminent.  Those ideas I mentioned that made me skeptical -- false or not -- are actually immaterial to the *fact* that climate science isn't settled. I can prove the science isn't settled because the following questions have not been answered (obviously AFAIK, and I mean answered with sufficient data -- not theories):  \- **To which extent do exothermic reactions of the Earth's core change the climate?** (My current understanding is that they change climate greatly and most climate studies completely ignore the phenomenon. All studies I have personally analyzed, meaning not simply reading an article that analyzes them for me, have not taken exothermic reactions into consideration. They just assume anthropogenic origins to the pattern every time. The lack of sufficient data on the impact of exothermic reactions indicates the science is not settled.)  \- **Since carbon dioxide is absorbed by plant life wouldn't we see a dramatic plant life increase/decrease/change regarding an oversaturation of carbon dioxide?** (The lack of a sufficient data pertaining to the effect of excess C02 on plant life indicates the science is not settled.)  \- \*\*If the polar ice caps are melting and this is leading to a dangerous rise in sea levels why is it that the goalposts shift every time the last prediction for a sea level rise doesn't happen? (\*\*It's always by 19XX-20XX that the sea level will rise, and it never happens. If you have lived long enough you know what I mean. The constant shifting of goalposts indicates the science is not settled. In the 90s they had to change from the term global warming to climate change because only then did they realize the terminology was dumb. **How can they judge anthropogenic climate change results 100 years from now if they get predictions that are a decade away totally wrong?** For the record I do believe the ice caps are melting but the extent of the fallout is not settled IMO. For all we know exothermic reactions could cause rapid evaporation of melting ice...just throwing that out there because scientists totally ignore it.)  \- **If anthropogenic climate change is definitive science then why is any questioning of it treated like apostasy or lunacy?** That's the trademark of science that isn't settled: every question that challenges legitimacy should have an answer -- or at least a viable set of data that heavily indicates an answer (For example no one can provide -- with intellectual honesty -- an unanswered question regarding the fact that living humans breathe oxygen. No one can come up with an example of a human that does not breathe oxygen yet still lives, or an example of a human that breathes something other than oxygen. It's settled -- homo sapiens need oxygen to live.)  \- **Why can't meteorologists predict weather with 100% accuracy yet they can say with 100% certainty that the weather patterns indicate that the climate is changing from human activity?** (The way people answer this question is a huge tell to unsettled science. I have seen experts and layman conflate weather and climate when it suits them and then later on say that weather is not the same as climate when the conflation they were so happy to perpetrate minutes ago proves anthropogenic climate change isn't an accurate theory. Stinks of people not knowing what the hell is going on.)  \- **Why does it make sense to build space stations on Mars or the Moon to ensure the survival of the species when bio-domes on Earth would be many times easier to build and sustain? Why not build these bio-domes right now rather than spending billions on campaigns and philanthropy designed to convince the average person climate change is real? Why not make a profitable industry out of building and selling bio-dome real estate (if the answer to the previous questions is that corporations are greedy)?**  There are many other reasons to be skeptical and many other unanswered questions.  If you just send me a link to an article then I won't read it. Try to avoid getting fixated on this: I have spent a lot of time on this in the past week and every study on climate science I have analyzed is extremely weak and usually assumes a correlation is a causation and/or clearly has the intent of proving anthropogenic climate change rather than legitimately testing a hypothesis and/or disregards conflicting data and/or is funded by an extremely corrupt organization.  If the science is so settled and you personally are so sure anthropogenic climate change is real then you should be able to answer these questions easily. I want to hear from you, not some article you barely read which seems to prove me wrong -- then I investigate it and it links to a ridiculous study that analyzes the sea levels on one tiny island over the course of a month. (There really are some ridiculous climate change studies out there if you dig deep enough, I am just using an especially silly example.)  As far as I know everything can be put in layman's terms outside of the furthest flung quantum physics, and climate science does not require quantum physics. If you can't personally answer these questions then you have to admit you do not know for sure that anthropogenic climate change is an imminent danger, you are just a sheep that believes the ""most scientists agree"" line that was also used to say cigarettes/drugs/treatments and so on are safe when they aren't."	0
"Apparently this is considered an ""opinion"" on reddit, but it's the opinion of nearly all major scientific organizations, nearly all governments, and most of the world's powerful companies (including ones that know they're at fault and have been propagating misinformation).  On the mechanisms of human-driven climate change: https://climate.nasa.gov/evidence/  On trends in warming: https://public.wmo.int/en/media/press-release/past-eight-years-confirmed-be-eight-warmest-record https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2022/sep/08/world-on-brink-five-climate-tipping-points-study-finds https://www.wired.com/story/extreme-heat-india/  On extreme weather events (just some examples): https://www.cnn.com/2022/05/25/middleeast/climate-change-sand-storms-mime-intl/index.html https://www.theguardian.com/world/2023/apr/04/us-tornadoes-global-heating-climate-science  On the loss of coastlines: https://www.latimes.com/environment/story/2022-08-18/california-coast-cliffs-erosion-collapsing-fastest-sea https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.cbsnews.com/amp/news/ghost-forests-chesapeake-bay-us-coasts-climate-change/ https://www.wired.com/story/as-sea-levels-rise-the-east-coast-is-also-sinking/  On increased wildfires: https://www.wri.org/insights/global-trends-forest-fires https://news.wsu.edu/press-release/2022/01/06/air-pollution-from-wildfires-rising-heat-affected-68-of-u-s-west-in-one-day/ https://www.npr.org/2023/05/28/1178648989/state-farm-home-insurance-california-wildfires-inflation  On drought and crops: https://www.latimes.com/world-nation/story/2021-07-16/drought-water-use-strategies https://iopscience.iop.org/article/10.1088/1748-9326/acac41 https://www.hsph.harvard.edu/c-change/subtopics/climate-change-nutrition/  On pollution/waste generally: https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2019-05-29/the-rich-world-s-electronic-waste-dumped-in-ghana https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.abc.net.au/article/100358702 https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.aljazeera.com/amp/gallery/2021/11/8/chiles-desert-dumping-ground-for-fast-fashion-leftovers https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2022-05-17/pollution-in-air-water-kills-9-million-people-a-year  On population displacement: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/climate-change-is-already-fueling-global-migration-the-world-isnt-ready-to-meet-peoples-needs-experts-say  This is just stuff I found on my lunch break. Some of the worst predictions made in the 80s-90s have been staved off by mitigation efforts that were previously made (such as the famous banning of many CFC-containing products). But we are not currently mitigating fast enough to avoid the new predictions that are being made. It doesn't even take a global view or scientific studies to notice that it's unpleasant to be outside for more and more of each year in most regions of the world. It's blatantly obvious if you think about your childhood versus today."	2
I’m not a climate change denier, i believe it’s happening but i don’t necessarily agree with the imminent doom that media has latched onto as of late. Regardless though i wonder why our own western societies are so willingly ready to make their lives more expensive, their economies less competitive and their power less reliable while countries that contribute more carbon, and more pollution show no plans of stopping the construction of coal powered power plants. So as we cripple our own economies the ones producing the larger amounts of pollution will take advantage of that and continue to use cheap power to catapult their country to the number one world super power which is what china is doing. So i hope you climate nazis can be happy being poor while proudly wearing your pin saying “i did the right thing” while never affecting the actual out come.	2
Using nuclear fission power for a century or two while fusion power is perfected along with converting all industry and transport to electric power is mankind's best option to avoid the worst of climate change , the amount of waste nuclear power plants produce is on balance less harmful to the environment that the waste generated by burning fossil fuels causes, and the nuclear power plants can be placed in naturally barren land that has minimal agricultural value to minimize harm from unlikely accident. In addition the fuel for a nuclear reactor is compact which means that a large supply of fuel can be stored on site making the system less sensitive to supply line disruptions. And spent fuel can be recycled since 90% of its potential energy still remains after 5 years of use. Nuclear fuel is also abundantly available from politically stable countries , so supply issues are not going to be a problem.  The alternative is to continue to use fossil fuels which we know with certainty are causing damage to the environment.  Nuclear Pros: Cheap, Cleaner than rival in normal operation resulting in cleaner air, avoid climate change. Reliable baseline power source, resistance to supply line failures. Abundant fuel supply.   Cons: Small risk of failure (extremely small risk of happening, huge consequences on a regional level), costly to implement  Fossil Fuel Pros: Infrastructure already in place , Mature well understood technology    Cons: Has been proven to cause climate change which will cause a catastrophe if left unchecked (Certainty of happening , Mass extinction level catastrophic consequences on a global level) . Hazardous Pollution that causes serious illness or death in large enough doses. Limited fuel supply that is rapidly dwindling.	2
In one way we think a great deal too much of the atomic bomb. ‘How are we to live in an atomic age?’ I am tempted to reply: Why, as you would have lived in the sixteenth century when the plague visited London almost every year, or as you would have lived in a Viking age when raiders from Scandinavia might land and cut your throat any night; or indeed, as you are already living in an age of cancer, an age of syphilis, an age of paralysis, an age of air raids, an age of railway accidents, an age of motor accidents.’  In other words, do not let us begin by exaggerating the novelty of our situation. Believe me, dear sir or madam, you and all whom you love were already sentenced to death before the atomic bomb was invented: and quite a high percentage of us were going to die in unpleasant ways.  We had, indeed, one very great advantage over our ancestors—anesthetics; but we have that still. It is perfectly ridiculous to go about whimpering and drawing long faces because the scientists have added one more chance of painful and premature death to a world which already bristled with such chances… and in which death itself was not a chance at all, but a certainty.  This is the first point to be made: and the first action to be taken is to pull ourselves together. If we are all going to be destroyed by an atomic bomb, let that bomb when it comes find us doing sensible and human things—praying, working, teaching, reading, listening to music, bathing the children, playing tennis, chatting to our friends over a pint and a game of darts—not huddled together like frightened sheep and thinking about bombs. They may break our bodies (a microbe can do that) but they need not dominate our minds. C.S. Lewis	2
"Human innovations/inventions that have improved humanity's standard of living and technologically progressed us in one way or another has carbon emissions that can be bad for the planet. Examples include turning on the lights in your house, use of smartphones/computers, gas-powered automobiles, airplanes, using microwave to heat food, using stove to cook, using a heater to keep your warm, using air conditioner to keep you cool and use of electricity and fuel in general. In one way or another, these inventions have carbon emissions. Climate activists only focus on gas-powered vehicles and fossil fuels as causes of climate change when in reality, virtually every invention responsible for advancing our way of life have negative emissions to our environment. With that being said, it would be asinine to eradicate those human inventions for the sake of saving our planet from climate change. Doing so would bring us back to the Stone Ages technologically. I have a challenge for climate change activists. If they are so passionate about saving the planet from climate change, all they have to do is stop using their smartphones/computers, don't turn on the lights in their house, don't use stove to cook and don't use any form of electricity/fuel/gas at all. Virtually every form of human technology that we come across on a daily basis is all responsible for carbon emissions.   British satirist Konstantin Kisin said it best, ""If I had a choice, either my son dies of a preventable disease in the next year or I could press a button and he would live, and for every day of my son's life, a giant plume of CO2 would be released into the atmosphere. There is not a parent in the world who would not smash that button so hard their hand bled."" This quote is basically saying, would you rather have a human invention/innovation that could cure a disease at the expense of having carbon emissions or would you rather have your kid die to save the planet, thus having no carbon emissions.  My message is this, having carbon emissions are inevitable if we are to progress as a human species. Just to be clear, I am not against the idea of clean energy. I am also not against the idea of electric vehicles. But we all know that those ""clean"" energy alternatives are still not as efficient as the conventional sources of energy we have, which is fossil fuel and coal. I strongly encourage the development of clean energy alternatives and I strongly hope they can replace the conventional sources of energy that have carbon emissions in the near future. But until we get to that point in time, you cannot dismantle conventional sources of energy (i.e. fossil fuels/burning coal) in the name of ""saving"" the planet from climate change.   Just to add some perspective, you cannot ban gas cars and replace it with electric cars so abruptly in such a short time period. I’m from California, and there is an initiative by our governor to ban all sales of gas powered cars by 2035. There is no guarantee that all EV cars will have the same efficiency and capability as a gas car within 12 years. No one knows how much the EV’s technology will have improved by then. Let’s say the EV technology is still crap by 2035. As governor, are you gonna tell people, “Idgaf if you don’t like EV cars, gas powered cars are illegal. If you don’t like it, you can walk.”  If you want to watch Konstantin Kisin's speech about climate change, the link is here: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mbdp51O0J6Q](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mbdp51O0J6Q)  Edit: I don’t care if you guys don’t like Konstantin Kisin’s speech/message. But don’t use his strawman persona to discredit my opinion."	2
"There are two kinds of Climate Change: (1) Natural, and (2) Anthropogenic (Human-made).  This means both sides can talk right past each other.   * The global temperature is rising as fossil fuel use rises! See, climate change is ruining the world!  * So, what? Global temperatures on Mars are rising, too! It must be natural!  Grrrrrr.   The problem is that ""Climate Change"" is intangible. There are just as many ways to prove it as there are ways to disprove it, dismiss it, or flat-out ignore it.   When it was called ""Pollution"", there was no denying it. Leaded gasoline created smog that burned your eyes and lungs. Smokestacks spewing black smoke created acid rain that killed fish and ruined the paint job on your car. The Cuyahoga River was so polluted with petrochemicals it caught on fire!  Both sides can argue until they're blue in the face about Climate Change, but no one can argue over pollution. Calling it pollution created the EPA, it banned leaded gasoline, and it leveled heavy fines on companies that turned our soil, water, and air into a toxic soup. Governments at all levels are now involved in ridding the environment of pollution.   The result is that today the US has cleaner soil, water, and air.   So, changing the name from pollution to climate change was the dumbest decision environmentalists ever made. Do they not realize that the US students rate among the lowest of developed countries in the Sciences?  You don't need to ace science to understand that pollution is dreadful.  Hell, I'm still so traumatized by a PSA of a fake Indian crying over pollution that I've never littered in my life. [https://youtu.be/h0sxwGlTLWw?si=5dwYgGT5n6j-eyAu](https://youtu.be/h0sxwGlTLWw?si=5dwYgGT5n6j-eyAu)  &amp;#x200B;"	2
"As a result of recent weather events, climate change is being spoken about with more urgency as people worry that future years will see a worsening of droughts, extreme weather events, crop failures, etc. When this happens, people will start to migrate in large numbers to ""safer"" areas, fuelling further instability.  Climate change avoidance strategies have missed the boat due to politicians being in bed with fossil fuel executives. However, when speaking about climate change, the one thing that is always missing is humans and how we are impacting the climate by existing in the numbers that we do. When you look at waterways across the developing world, you can see a clear lack of respect for nature. The unavoidable truth is that there are too many humans for us to meaningfully prevent the worst effects of climate change and, until people acknowledge this, we will be doomed to wars and misery."	2
"Climate change should be defined as a degree debate  &amp;#x200B;  two fold-   1.) the degree in which human intervention affects overall climate and  2.) the degree in which you are willing to change how you do your economy   (given some of the more reckless countries (china, india) arent willing to change)   &amp;#x200B;  for the people who want to discuss these two alternatives, the ""climate change is real"" sentence, really obscenely characterises anyone who isnt wholly on board as flat earthers or (insert insult here) "	2
I love nature and I think we have a duty to protect our planet. But, I also think the majority of the “climate change” narrative is a bunch of hogwash and is counterproductive.  The media and most prominent activists focus on temperature alarmism, CO2 worship, or fear mongering over individual weather events and a huge percentage of people simply don’t buy those arguments.  If they want to win over more folks, people who care about the environment need to focus more on specific things that produce real, visible, and immediate effects. Nuclear power, drastically reducing single use plastics, cutting harmful chemicals from our farms that leach into the soil and water supply, imposing serious consequences on countries that clog rivers with trash or engage in mass deforestation, etc. These can be pitched to right wingers because you can show them before and after pictures. They love God’s creation and want to keep it beautiful too. Activists want to call them “science deniers” when really they just don’t want to be forced to buy an electric car, have our energy independence destroyed, or have the govt spend unfathomable amounts of money on solar panels and whatever else bullshit that’s seen by many as a way to pay off donors and increase the feds’ power. As long as the message is “let’s completely reorganize our economy to decrease the temperature in 2100 by 1 degree”, the environment is going to continue being hugely divisive, which doesn’t help save the planet.	2
If you live in afrika in some random sahara pirate war ground you should move to a neighbour country or some other that has the same language than some ice cold country with different language and culture. Integrating some people is just a waste of money and effort when they cant understand language and have some outright bad cultures and end up using the system to their advantage. So where i live the refugees should just be 0 imo. And using billions just to make a tiny change to clinate change is just making things worse and is just virtue signaling. Some other countries like china and others should do something instead.	2
 Recently, there’s just been so many scientific studies coming out that are saying maybe we put the decimal point in the wrong place .  A.k.a. pulled a Michael Bolton   So, unless we’re really gonna burn this place down and start living on beaches again with piña coladas Milton style   The worst part about this opinion is, it’s true I can understand why it is unpopular	2
The world population in 1900 was approximately 1.6 billion people. A relatively short time later and we now have 8 billion people. Agriculture, power, travel, industry, water, garbage, plastics, etcetera… are all greatly impacted by the vast amounts of humans that have sprung into existence in the last century. Why is there such a focus on things like “carbon credits”, but very little real discussion about the population explosion? Is it due to what areas are growing and what are maintaining/declining?	2
The USA has the highest emissions per capita in the world. If all immigration to the USA was shut down, the population would decline, which is good for emissions. If USA politicians claiming to want to fight global warming were serious, they would also want to stop immigration.	2
Those people who throw cake at art to save the planet like to say humans affecting the environment is a bad thing, so pretty sure trying to put an entire species out of existence goes against their principles. They should just let nature take it's course or they're confirmed hypocrites. Live and let live right?	1
I’m not even annoyed with the fact they make such a huge issue about. It I get more annoyed by the random burst of social media activism that comes with it. Politicians use it for political points and everyone just sucks eachothers dicks about how much they care for the planet	1
"We know \*anything is possible\*. But as you read the post, \*just ask yourself if it is probable\* that we can stop or reverse climate change.  And it's not just the United States. China Is the big dog when it comes to emissions.    China.    https://www.cnn.com/2021/10/28/world/china-us-climate-cop26-intl-hnk/index.html   ""In terms of CO2-equivalent -- which is a way of measuring all greenhouse gases as if they were CO2 -- China emitted 14.1 billion metric tons in 2019. That's more than a quarter of the world's total emissions.""    China shows no signs of slowing down.   https://www.macrotrends.net/countries/CHN/china/carbon-co2-emissions#:%7E:text=China%20carbon%20(co2)%20emissions%20for,a%204.74%25%20increase%20from%202017  United States has an average carbon footprint of 6.7 billion metric tons equivalent per person today.    The trump administration set a Target to reduce emissions by approximately 25% compared to previous levels.    The Biden administration set a Target to reduce emissions by 50% by year 2030 compared to 2005 levels.  \*It's only 7 years away.\*    Click figure 2 to see the breakdown across the different sectors.  Ignore the obvious decline caused by COVID-19.  The most stable value is the 2018 year mark.  All values are actually less due to the approximately .75 billion  metric ton equivalent of land use.   https://www.epa.gov/climate-indicators/climate-change-indicators-us-greenhouse-gas-emissions    The UNEP, in 2022, stated carbon emissions for the globe must reduce by 45-50% by year 2030 in order to ensure temperatures don’t rise above 1.5°C by 2100 (2.0° C would be the maximum for 2100, So the 1.5° C is an additional safety factor).    *At the current rate of decrease, the world will hit 2.7° C in year 2100* (this is really bad):   https://www.unep.org/news-and-stories/story/how-do-countries-measure-greenhouse-gas-emissions"	2
"I believe human-made climate change is real and approximately what the ""experts"" will mostly happen. We should just let the consequences play out. No species will exist for ever. In fact, no species has even existed for billions of years. We are in the last 10% of life on earth. In 600 million years the sun will be bright enough to blow away our atmosphere and life will quickly cease to exist within few hundred million years of that if not earlier. And of course the sun will engulf the earth 4 billion years from now. After that, in 10 duodecillion years time, all the material that made us up will fall into black holes. Then after what all of it will evaporate from the black hole and disperse evenly across the universe. So doing something about climate change is like using a bucket to get water out of a boat with a hole in it. What's the point. Everything ends eventually. We had a good ride."	2
A couple of degrees maybe and .6meter sea level rise by 2100? Not too worried about it.  People already have lived in unbearably hot areas for decades. Look at Phoenix, it’s been booming despite it being hell on earth for most of the year.   As for the sea level rise, just move inland or build sea walls. Hell I think Netherlands is mostly below sea level already.   I’m not buying the “billions of people will die” rhetoric that is so popular. Humans are smart and will adapt. Farming technology is always improving, and while large droughts may cause some areas great stress, we will learn to farm/live in better areas.  Also people killed by natural disasters has gone down tremendously in the last 100 years despite huge population growth, so not buying fires/hurricanes are going to doom us all.	2
\*Carbon dioxide is **not** toxic at atmospheric or even above average atmospheric levels.    \*CO2 is a necessary ingredient for life on Earth (via photosynthesis).    \*Plants can grow much faster in higher levels of CO2.  Win-win for animals and plants.  Even if climates DO change enough to effect humans, at worst, people will need to move inland a little and build some stronger houses to counter increased turbulent weather.  But honestly, we simply don't know that we will have *worse* weather.  It just may be different.  Reduced ice coverage may provide more place for humans to live - and plants to grow.    Climate change will be more of an inconvenience in the long term.  Pollution on the other hand...  it's simply deadly.  At some point, we'll pollute our way in to killing off massive amounts of animals, plants, and humans.  It will effect every single person and animal on this planet.  I'm not too concerned with climate change.  It has changed before and will change again.  But I do support a fight against polluting the only habitable place known to mankind.  In my opinion, we should not care about climate change until we get pollution under control.	2
It’s literally the biggest issue of the modern age and almost half the country is fine just ignoring it because Biden Derangement Syndrome. Go ahead and look up the Senate GOP’s site. It’s mostly stories about how bad their opponents are. Same goes for any official GOP Facebook page. They’ve got no stances on issues despite being called out for it years ago, and it’s being made worse the more climate change becomes apparent in day-to-day life.   I encourage everyone to contact their local GOP representatives (if you have any) and urge them to reject Big Oil and help humanity.  EDIT: Negative karma? Guess this mindset was more popular than I thought!	2
Humanity in general would be far better served by devoting the bulk of resources to develop technologies to deal with the impacts of climate change rather than thinking we can piecemeal policy together to de-carbonize industrialized society.  If anthropogenic warming is, in fact, a thing, our efforts to de-carbonize will not result in any material change. The third world will continue to spew carbon and developing nations will rightly behave in their best interests and use fossil fuels to power their ascendency.	2
So this weekend took the kids to Sequoia for a weekend of camping and hiking. Overheard a couple that claims to be working for NASA saying that it appears that the sun has gotten more intense over the last 10-20 years.  They say NASA has proof of this and that even the federal government does to. I shared my opinion on the issue also with saying that I think the planet was inching closer towards the sun and nothing we could do to change anything. They said that we are, by about 5-10 miles a year to their own measurements.   So I asked, is climate change real? They said “sure” but it wasn’t man made climate change. And I asked why the wedge to create all this division and their reply was to make money and to pit us against each other to keep us blind to the facts.   No lie, I ain’t making this up. Even my own opinion about the planet getting closer to the sun was far fetched but I was believing it wholeheartedly.	0
All these people, from celebrities, to CEOs, to Politicians pretend we are all gonna die from climate change, but they do nothing practical about it.  They fly on private jets (I get it for some high profile people for safety or time sensitive flights) to things they could easily teleconference to. They have multiple homes.  They have yachts. Yet they lecture us for our carbon use despite having the carbon footprint of a small town.  I live in a area that often gets forest fires. Do they clear the dead wood to prevent it? Do they strategically cut some trees so if they do go on fire it's not that bad? No. Year after year they whine about climate change and tax us more.  Or floods. A valley nearby got flooded at the beginning of the year. Did they blame the outdated pump that failed, that they were previously warned about? No, they blamed climate change so they justify carbon taxes.  We worked from home during covid when possible. Now that its over and it would actually make a difference keeping people from commuting, do they let it continue?  No. They brag about caring for the climate but when something exists that would benefit the workers, and in their opinion the planet do they out their money where their mouth is and let those that can work from home, work from home? No, they call us lazy.  Do the governments offer tax breaks for companies that allow for work at home? No, they want carbon taxes not tax breaks.  If they think climate change is an existential threat, they don't act like it. They are acting like it's a buzzword they can use to manipulate us to give them power and money.	2
Conservatives are currently copy-pasting this:  &gt; When ice melts in your drink, the water level in the glass doesn't rise. Think about that on a global scale...  to everywhere on social media. This is just another example of how conservatives are only concerned with pushing talking points/having a “gotcha” moment. They are incapable of having meaningful debate.	2
"I hear it here all the time: ""We need to focus on climate change or we won't survive, blah blah blah""  It's a fucking Echo Chamber everywhere I go, whether it being social media, commercials or inventions. Let me say this. Even if we went ""Green Tech"" tomorrow: it wouldn't stop Climate Change -- no it's not something we humans artificially created or accelerated; it was bound to happen because it has happened multiply times in Earth's history and it happened before Humanity walked the Earth.  So to be clear. I'm not justifying dumping waste in the ocean, nor do I want more CO2 in the air. A little tangent, if you're worried about the environment so much then go Nuclear. One of my points are: the Earth is gonna be fine and it's gonna be fine when we are gone, let's be real the Earth's 4.5 billion years old and in it's history it's experienced shit far worse than we're going through.  What we need to worry about is a thing called the Jobn Calhoun Experiment. The reason why we need to worry about this is because let's say we go Green-Tech and focus our undivided attention to the environment -- we'll still die out. The experiment goes like this. You put a population of Mice where they have enough space for future generations and food, water and other resources  are basically Infinite. The first three generations are doing just fine. 5 generations down the line, the mice population goes extinct. Here's what so interesting or disturbing about the 5 future generations. These Mice start to have less and less kids. Not only that the mother's ""motherly"" instincts become non-existent and they stop caring for their young. More disturbingly some of the mothers actually start killing their young and Males and Females start to pair with the same sex. This is a prime example where organisms start to devolve; there's no threat to their survival, no problems that need to be addressed. Nothing.  It sounds ideal until it's not. Sure people can say ""We're not mice and we're not animals; we're civil and we have self-awareness"" they're right. We're not mice though we *ARE* animals but, most importantly who the fuck are ""We""? The majority of the human population is anything but self-aware; do not get it twisted.  We're already starting to see the effects taking place. Most notably in Japan and South Korea where the population is on the decline and Young Men and women are not having as much kids as they should be. Infact there was a video I watched a while back where it talked about Koreans going in extinct in the future. When I find it, I will put it in the comments. But the Eastern World isn't the only one. In the U.S. the Marriage has dropped to a new record low: lower than it was in the 1800s. Why is that? You ever heard of ""You control the culture, You control the generation?"" Well if you control the generation, you control the future.   Let me be Frank -- we got some evil motherfuckers controlling culture. Great examples are sexual liberation, The Me too Movement, SJWS in culture, the push for abortions to be legal, ect. This is swaying us dangerously close to the Calhoun Effect. Yet the most disturbing thing about it is how these leaders of culture  choose to advocate to ""save the environment"" and ignore the ramifications back home. It's like the people who choose to focus on other people's problems and ignore their own.  A fine recipe for Ultimate Self-Destruction."	2
It is not environmentally friendly to raise a bunch of smart people to operate nuclear power plants. It takes a ton of food and water to raise a person. In the military, the job that requires the highest intelligence is operating nuclear power plants. Very few people are capable of being trained for this job, so that would be a major limiting factor. Nuclear power isn't realistic at all.	2
‘Climate change’ for some reason has been framed as a problem for humanity as a whole— it is a highly politicized money grab and it’s all BS. The climate is changing. Its always changing, it’s been changing for billions of years and will continue to do so. That’s why we had and ice age and now we are no longer in an ice age. Moreover, it’s not a problem for everyone, farmers in the north report a longer growing season, land that was previously unusable has become more hospitable. New sea lines of trade in the Arctic are beginning to take form presenting new opportunities and more efficient travel for the world. I’m aware it’s a problem for some people, but, I just don’t care about some rich shmuck’s beach house getting swallowed up by the ocean. Don’t get me wrong, I care about our environment, air and water quality is of paramount importance, recycling and protecting nature is something I am passionate about. There is a trash heap of plastic the size of Texas in the ocean—a measurable problem that we can actually fix. But ‘climate change’ is something that seems beyond us, even if it were possible to go to zero emissions here in America the only way it would have any meaningful effect is if the likes of China and India (the lion share holders of emissions) also committed to doing the same, and they won’t do that, it’s all pipe dream at very most and those buying into all of it are suckers.	2
It’s either media brainwashing them into the climate cult or they’re just straight up stupid. I mean god damn, each and every single weather event these days is reported on and discussed on social media in the lens of climate change. Do these people actually believe that there is no explanation for a flood, heat wave, tornado, etc. than “climate change”?  The term “climate change” is intentionally vague and open ended to allow for the media and climate cultists to skew any weather event into the myth. If anyone wants to debate this issue with me we can go toe-to-toe but beware you’re going to lose the argument in shame and shambles	0
Climate change denial, supporting any expansion on our fossil fuel production or just doing nothing all support authoritarianism. This is because when the eventual consequences of climate change come about (food supply shortages, power outages, heat waves, fires, flooding) people will turn to authoritarian leaders because they have no way to support themselves. This is already starting to happen all over the world. Refugees coming across borders catalyze xenophobia and then higher levels of nationalism. We will either go deeper into capitalism and have a neoliberal/fascist dictatorship or we will have a Maoist or Marxist Leninist style dictatorship depending on the specific country. There is a possible third option in my opinion where communities organize to fulfill their own needs instead of relying on a state and have a general strike and adapt to the changing climate and mitigate it as much as possible.	2
 All across the internet and real life you find people with pessimistic views about the future. That the world is gonna end in 2050 because muh climate change and that humanity deserves to be extinct for x reason. It’s a stupid and pessimistic mindset that only causes anxiety for the general populace  Global warming and climate change aren’t gonna cause human extinction in 2050, 2100, or 2200. It’s ridiculous to assume all ice on the poles would melt by then, and even if they did there would still be lots of land for the 8 billion humans to settle, live and survive. You aren’t cool and mysterious for spreading panic and misinformation and wishing for the death of human civilization because the world made you sad lmao.  Have some optimism for the future, it doesn’t hurt	0
Instead of telling everyone a 1 degree change in temperature every year means the world will end, just say recycle to preserve resources and keep costs down. Products would be much cheaper if people just didn't waste resources so much. Very few people care if the world ending in 100 years since we'll all be dead. People do care about money though and if doing something that's barely an inconvenience will save people money they'll be more likely to do it than if some politician says it will save the planet.	2
Killing off multiple species and forever changing the climate of the planet, which will cause suffering and death of millions if not billions of people kind of trumps a serial killer killing dozens or even 100s of people.  In fact, those who don't vote for people who will combat climate change are worse than Hitler or any other genocidal maniac, since they will ultimately be responsible for killing more people than Hitler ever did.	2
Certainly lots will be due to racism and this will prodominate  but I think a large percentage will be people who will discriminate due to values, beliefs, and cultures.   Many people don't know this but Appalachian people experienced this in the 1920s and 30s. As far as I can tell many of these were personal choices not law inspired.  For example, in the 1920s and 30s many landlords that chose to rent to Appalachian migrants often charged different rent amounts to discourage them.  They said Applachians were filthy people who were  unproductive and stole jobs from hardworking, respectable people  Lots of people in say Minnesota or even Ohio don't want to be surrounded by a bunch of people whom they might see as blatantly homophobic, sexist, or just don't match the values that they have.   America is much more nationalistic than in 1920; back then Americans had more regional identities which was still a vibrant phenomenon internationally, however, the drive to retain different regional identities remains strong.  Although America is a very mobile nation, the vast majority of Americans stay within 100 miles of their childhood homes	2
And the person THEN began to move.,.I would assume that person really doesn’t care about climate change.   If you realllllly cared about climate change, you would let the tractor trailer run you over. Moving at the last minute is kinda weak and shows that you aren’t really “into” the movement.  Be strong in who you are.	1
"The media got paid well to cover the story and to promote this ""historic"" event but like Qatar World cup sincerity and honesty came into question. These rulers made their fortunes from polluting the environment and now as their resources are running out, they want to extend these cash cows longer by making sure the transition to healthier alternatives is slow, controlled and painful to anyone who wants a better planet FOR ALL."	1
Most ways to earn money are not good for the environment or climate. Many of the ways people have found or will find to make money will be to manufacture and sell a product or good that isn’t needed. For example: Funko Pops. They’ve made a ton of money from making needless little plastic figurines that are sold all over. I’m making assumptions (but I don’t think I’m wrong), but I think that industry is pollution-central. I don’t know where to realistically go from here, but I just don’t think living with capitalism and curbing climate change can happen consecutively	2
"People are talking about how worried they are about climate change and the ""future of the planet"" and I really could not care less if everything on this planet burned to death in 100 years. This planet was going to die at some point anyway. Life's only meaning is suffering and the sooner all life is eliminated, the better."	1
Climate change activists love to make their hatred of cars known, and exaggerate the viability of alternatives like public transit and cycling. The truth is, the vast majority of vehicle miles traveled in the US are non-discretionary trips to work, school, shopping, childcare, and healthcare. Public transit is not an economical option for most families. Biking or taking the bus works out for some individuals, but many others have legitimate reasons to drive because of factors like safety, the weather, or the necessity of carrying heavy things.   Example: A round trip from Berkeley to Ocean Beach in San Francisco would cost upwards of $60 via BART and Muni for a family of 4. During this time, you'd risk exposing your kids to all manner of potentially dangerous crazies. Driving is faster, safer, and much cheaper ($7 bridge toll, $10 gas, and maybe $5 in vehicle depreciation and imputed maintenance costs for this trip).   The situation is obviously worse in metros without above-average public transit. In most cities, the math for investment in additional public transit doesn't come close to working out even on very long time horizons, and is far from the highest and best use of the incremental tax dollar for furthering the common good relative to investments in energy capacity, healthcare, or other key infrastructure like recycling facilities.   Cars are not a luxury in America, and this is extremely unlikely to change in the 21st century. Climate change activists would be far better off focusing on:  1. Work from home policies 2. Renewable energy and electric cars 3. Promotion of nuclear power 4. Discouraging air travel, particularly overseas air travel 5. Discouraging pet ownership. Dogs and cats are huge consumers of meat, and consequently huge emitters of CO2. 6. Ending US imperial projects, like maintaining overseas fleets of aicraft carriers 7. Discouraging consumption of beef (popular on Reddit) and other luxury foods like avocados, almonds, and chocolate (unpopular on Reddit) 8. Automation of ports and heavy industry, even at the cost of jobs  1-3 are popular on Reddit, but 4-6 are not, and 7/8 are mixed bags. When I see someone lambasting cars on Reddit, I assume they're more interested in internet points for riding a bike than actually lowering emissions.	2
https://www.theinformation.com/articles/satellite-internet-plans-from-spacex-and-others-deserve-a-pinch-of-salt  they want to add tens of thousands more satellites	2
I think this qualifies as unpopular. I don't deny the science behind measured climate change. I even acknowledge that there is some anthropogenic contribution to climate change, although I disagree with the mainstream perception that we have a good idea how to measure the anthropogenic component and separate it from the natural components, but I digress....  Some places are going to get warmer on average but that means other places like Canada/Alaska and Russia and northern Europe are going to get much more hospitable. Meanwhile, growing seasons in states like Montana and Idaho are going to be extra long. These are just some off the cuff examples.   Overall I am not really concerned about climate change. I do not subscribe to the doomsday theories or other hyperbole and apocalyse-type narratives. I just accept that the Earth is coming out of an ice age a little faster than it otherwise would and expect the planet will adapt just fine.	2
The fun is already beginning with constant floods, wildfires, air quality alerts, deforestation, etc.  And we’re only in 2023.   Imagine where things will be in ten years. Or twenty. Or fifty. Or 100.  It is already too hot for some jobs to be done during some parts of the year.  And the kicker is that these things are only going to get worse.  Like with COVID masks and shots, most people will see the need for solar panels and energy cutbacks with a few loudmouths bitching about it.   I think the most likely scenario is a drastic reduction in carbon emissions, a resiliency from nature itself, and a paradigm shift in our culture.   Not because I’m an optimist, but because I’m not.  Things are going to get so bad that there’s no way out but to submit to the issue at hand.	2
As with the propaganda campaign of Big Oil in i believe the 70s, where they tried to shift responsibility of recycling onto consumers.  Modern scientist are attempting to shift responsibility of climate change onto our dumb asses, you will note that being a simpleton means that  i have no idea how to fix climate change.  I would think that having a degree in *honk- honk* Chemistry and Physics would mean that they could do a better job then me.  &amp;#x200B;  Stop asking *fucking* Homer Simpson to fix your Nuclear Reactor.  It didnt take a year for scientist to come up with vaccines for Covid 19.  How well has the message of recycling gone after 50 years?  Hmm.. Im beginning to think they may have lied to us...D'oh!	2
"On climate subs or media articles you will see the repetitive call to ""take action now"". This phrase is meaningless, there is no substance to it, there is no concrete action being meant which would satisfy those who call for action.  The best idea of action you can find is to ""just stop fossils"", which is not an action, but a wishful thinking. No one can just stop fossils without causing widespread human suffering and death. Most of our energy needs, almost all of our transportation needs, and 100% of sea trade are dependent on fossils. It is impossible to just stop fossils without disrupting all that.  The next best idea is to ""listen to science"", but we are already doing that. There were numerous climate change fighting programs developed by scientists since 1990s that were implemented. This call to action is also meaningless.  We can and need to transition away from fossils, and we *are* doing that. If we can pick up pace, that would be a reasonable action, but this is not being proposed or discussed anywhere. You will see no programs discussed proposing to pick up the pace of transition to carbon-emission-free economies on the global scale. The best things we have are country programs like Inflation Reduction Act. You will find no people rallying to demand politicians to support some global transition programs developed by scientists, because those global transition programs simply do not exist. And without those we are doing the best we can already."	2
So just because some multinational corporations in China aren’t moving towards  green energy that is somehow on me? I need to be guilted into changing my diet, what car I drive and how many children I should have? No!  I will vote for policy that will make structural change but I will also eat a real beef burger	2
"90% of things in the Culture War are non-issues and things that could be easily ignored by all parties involved, the 10% that could be considered serious either boils down to ""Live and let live"" or ""Arguing about this is completely idiotic (mostly climate change)"".   95% of things in the culture war are totally american issues that are either non present, already resolved or completely different in the rest of the world.  We are all better ignoring it completely, as it causes completely artificial division."	1
"2019 was the best year for Climate Change Activist, the world had undivided attention, a White messiah and a global media pandering to bring together nations to tackle Climate change in spite of some upsets with the Paris Accords. Then 2020 happened and with the pandemic spreading across the global disrupting lives and economies, climate change took a back seat, 2021 brought recession and energy crisis which are the biggest opponents to any Climate change programs, most nations lost some serious revenues and could no longer justify their climate targets. Even US turned away from its Climate action citing Political deadlock, in developing nations where Climate change didn't even feature in top 10 issues fell out quickly from people's mind.   I am not saying there won't be Climate actions, it is a major issue of our times (at least in the first world) and we are definitely moving towards a sustainable and green future, however all that talk of ending carbon emissions now and bringing Green revolutions ended very much in 2019 with no chance of every coming back as a Global trend. If nations who are ""leaders"" in climate change such as Germany have shown that when times get tough Russian Gas and Dirty Coal should be prioritized for the benefit of keeping the nation happy. This is enough proof for the world, if the best nations can't change developing nations shouldn't even bother about Curbing Carbon emissions.   The final nail was COP26 summit which could be summed up in one line "" Will the Western nations pay 1 Trillion Dollars to Developing nations to switch over to renewable energy ? No "". This pretty much ended global conversation. Off course Climate Activism will continue in Liberal and Leftist pockets of Western and democratic nations, but coming together as global community and asking the leaders to take action, that's not happening again anytime soon."	2
Not wanting kids because they dont want them to suffer due to climate change is the dumbest thing ever.  Just a lazy excuse to not want kids.  Some use it as justification as to why they dont kids but really just cant have any even if they want too.   Humans adapt and will survive no matter what.  Most of human history has been hard.  We literally need to have kids to keep the humans alive .  people on here don’t have any first hand experience on how sustainable earth really is. Just third hand proof of believing scientist saying that earth will die off  My grandpa and grandma had 16 kids back in middle of nowhere Mexico.  They grew their own food and re used as much as possible from the same animal.  It wasn’t an easy life. A hard working life of having to do stuff everyday.  People have just been pampered in the last 100 years by modern innovation that they think everyone should live a worry free life with everything being provided and if not then why have kids .  Thats ridiculous   Edit:pretty unpopular opinion in the comments but i have more upvotes then downvotes so take that suckers Edit continued:  well maybe they should change the upvote and downvote to agree and disagree buttons dam   Edit:2 id like to thank my momma and dad for creating me so i can have the chance to get that award on this post 😤  Edit 3:  the amount of people on here saying “wHy dO wE neED tO kEeP hUmAns aLiVe?” Is funny and sad   Edit 4: I NEVER SAID NOT WANTING KIDS IS LAZY.   I said using climate change/ doomsday anxiety as an excuse is a LAZY excuse .  If u don’t want kids just say you don’t want kids.  Edit 5: by most of ur own guys/ladys logic about how smart it is to not have kids so they wont suffer .  You would be making idiocracy come true because the rest of the world wont stop making babies no matter what.  So if yall were so smart you would know this and decide to have kids so that the next generation has smart people to be passed the baton .   😂  just a thought   Edit 6: i could have worded the part of people not being to have kids better.  I meant to be talking about incels as using pointless excuses.  Not people who are infertile	1
As others have said, it’s a little frustrating to watch Leo and Kylie and Taylor rolling around on a PJ espousing our need to be a part of the cause while my paper straw dissolved in my drink. Why won’t they even acknowledge their private jet use and how wasteful it is? Or at least say “well, we need it”	2
The environmental protestors should take note of how little sympathy was shown when two of their numbers were shot dead in cold blood. The climate change change narrative is not really “believed” by people and they are really tired of your vanity activism	0
I am a meat eater, and I will probably never give this up. I am slave to my impulses after all. That being said, the vegans are right about how if society swapped to vegan diets the world would be in healthier place. It would also have a big impact in combating climate change. Although I believe they are correct, I just cannot give up meat even if my eating habits kill me and the planet.	2
My view on climate change is that according to scientific predictions, about ten different things have already killed me (the main one being overpopulation-fueled starvation), with a hundred more on the way. Scientists aren’t deities, and the most likely outcomes of climate change go one of three ways:  1. ⁠Some scientific advancement renders everything we know about climate change obsolete. Simply put, our current models are revealed to be based on some fundamental misunderstanding and nothing comes of it. 2. ⁠Some technological advancements render the issue solved. Simply put, humans are advancing technologically at such a blistering pace that it’s nearly impossible to predict where we’ll be in 5 years, let alone 50. We’ve accomplished more technologically in the last 100 years than in the previous 1000+. We went from a total lack of air travel to space shuttles and underwent a communication revolution the likes of which hadn’t been seen since the invention of language. It’s truly impossible to predict what can be accomplished on this front in the next 50 years. 3. ⁠We adapt to climate change. The least likely of the 3 imo, but still possible. People will migrate inland and we will move on, continuing our lives after having changed certain aspects of them to live with the changes we see.	0
Yes we should all be worried about the climatic changes but at the moment Jhonny Depp's case holds high significance because it will dictate the future of other men in similar cases where women are abusers yet even with solid proof they can get away with it it also includes the false sexual aggression accusations.    It has a message and the outcome whenever he wins or loses will decide a lot of things about the future of similar cases.	2
Meanwhile people who are financially equipped and mature enough to raise children tend to not have as many kids.   In American society, the welfare system rewards government benefits to low income individuals who choose to have lots of children. This creates broken families, which in turn increases crime and ultimately makes society less safe and less productive.    I don’t advocate for any government intervention on who is allowed to have children since that is anti-American. Oddly enough, it is the woke leftists who will enforce government regulation on human reproduction, using climate change and overpopulation to justify it. That is all	2
In California, poor forest management has caused vast areas of land to become tinderboxes. Also most of the CA fires were either manmade or caused by lightning. On top of that CA has legislation which caps raises on premiums to reflect risk which would force insurance companies to operate at a loss.  In florida, contractor scams are rampant. Contractors solicit work on customers behalf to get major repairs/replacement when not necessary and then filing fraudulent lawsuits. Florida comprises less than 10% of insurance claims and also 79% of insurance lawsuits.  I feel many redditors and even journalists have been gaslit into believing climate change is the reason for these problems, but it simply isn’t based in science.	1
"This issue is much bigger than that. Yes, rich people are extraordinarily polluting. Yes, they deserve criticism for that. No, Taylor Swift taking a private jet to Walmart isn't singlehandedly what's driving the climate catastrophe.   Yes, her carbon footprint is too high but it's probably not bigger than the combined footprint of everyone at a mid to large sized school. It's fine to criticise that but it needs to be absolutely made clear that a couple hundred billionaires don't emit more carbon than a couple hundred million people.   A rough estimate for a carbon budget per person per year is 1.5t (in order to reach current climate goals). If you live in what's typically referred to as the ""west"", you probably far exceed that. If you eat a meat based diet, you far far far exceed your budget from that alone. And there are no billionaires or infrastructural problems you can point to. Even the most sustainable diet (a plantbased diet) just barely meets the budget.    The message shouldn't be 'Lets bully billionaires into compliance"" because that won't achieve much. The message should be to encourage everybody to make lifestyle choices that put the environment first.  There are plenty of products and services that many people use very regularly that simply cannot be decarbonized with our current technology. Animal products is one of them like I mentioned. Air travel is another. There are just some thing that we need to learn to live without if we want to transition to a more sustainable society and no amount of ""no ethical consumption under capitalism"" and ""it's the corporations fault for providing the service that I specifically ask for even tho I am completely aware that this service cannot possibly be offered in a sustainable manner"" will change the fact that too many of us are living way above our allocated budget.  We no doubt need to pressure the rich and powerful as well tho of course but thats not a replacement for making conscious decisions yourself."	2
A lot of people are saying that human impact on climate change will eventually be irreversible. That is simply not true. The Earth has seen dozens of mass extinction events before and will continue to see them even after man kind either leaves Earth or goes extinct. The Dinosaur extinction killed (I believe) 90% of all life, blocked out the sun, and killed everything larger than an opossum died out within moths of the impact. We humans are causing a mass extinction event because of us pumping green house games into the atmosphere, green house gasses like C02. Like the dinosaur extinction we Clare causing all of the large hyper specialized animals to die out, while smaller more adaptable animals continue to thrive. Humanity , inevitably, will cause its own extinction and when humans die out, or civilization collapses, Earth will once again be taken over by nature. No matter how bad global warming is, no mater how many animals had gone extinct, life will find away. Life always finds away to survive and thrive before, during, and after a mass extinctioneven like humanity and a millionyears from when that happensearth biodiversity will have explided once more. Again will there be gaint hyper specialized apex preditors, herbivores so large and aggresive they are more dangerous than the preditors, and the small extremely adaptive animals thatwhen these animal go extinc, will carry on life on our planet. While causing life to completely go extinct is an almost impossible task, that doesn't me we should just watch as animals disappear left right and center. Please do your best to prevent climate change, because our best keeps just a little more species alive to evolve and become soemthing better when we are gone.	0
I’m not saying we shouldn’t *try* to prevent climate change from getting *worse* but to get every country to pull it together and do what’s necessary to prevent any further damage is almost impossible.  It doesn’t matter what every good citizen does (like buying metal straws) the governments don’t care.   Animals are already going extinct at a disturbing number, the ice in Antarctica is already doomed to melt and we’re going to lose some major cities.   We can plant trees all we want but it just ain’t happening.  I think the only thing left to do is **adapt**.   So, I’ll be enjoying the apocalypse from the Midwest America where it hasn’t snowed once this winter and I’ll literally be on fire come summer.  Cheers! 🥂	2
There are not two biological sexes, welfare is cheaper for the taxpayer than letting people fend for themselves, legalizing drugs and providing safe access reduce the prevalence of addiction, climate change is a current and major problem, and largely caused by human activities, taxing the rich does solve most problems in an economy unless it is subjected to outside interference, vaccines don’t harm the overwhelming majority of people who get them. These are not claims of opinion, they are statements backed by research and evidence.	2
Now, so many people think they are experts when all they have to do is just use Google to prove their point. Just because some random blog says that the Earth is flat doesn't make it true. Just because you notice more people behaving x way does not mean it isn't curated. You can't just disavow climate change caused by human activities because 'the climate is always changing'. You're not smart because everyone agrees with you. You also are not smart because you are different.   And you know what, I admit I'm just an average joe.	2
What I wish to say to all of the climate change alarmists:   Yeah, thanks for letting me know that the world will fundamentally become a nice scary apocalypse in 100 years. And thanks for making me feel anxious and scared to be alive today. Climate change = a force beyond my control. I doubt those renewable energy sources will decrease CO2 emissions. With practical economics and practical industry, renewable energy will just turn today’s fossil fuels into the middle man to process all of the raw earth materials used to manufacture the components and infrastructure for solar panels and wind farms. We might as well invest money in discovering and farming bacteria that will eat up CO2, methane, and nitrous oxide in our oceans. Then find ways to turn that bacteria into something useful for humanity.  https://youtu.be/nbW4XWkJC6w  https://youtu.be/q2iyjYCoCMc  Just search on Youtube “Bacteria that eat up co2” and you will find a lot of results   I don’t remember the video, but a researcher discovered naturally occurring green plant-like bacteria in the oceans that eat a shit ton of CO2.	0
I know this sounds a bit far-fetched to most people, but let me explain.  Often we hear how people try to save our planet by cleaning the beaches and forests, planting trees, coming out with new insane tech solutions that should somehow fix the climate change situation. This is good and all, but the future of the climate change is ultimately decided in countries like China, Russia, and Brazil, where the governments couldn't give less of a damn about the climate change.   \- China is a major player when it comes to manufacturing goods, and dictator Xi is concerned about making a buck to expand his influence. Should I even mention the smog and everything?    \- Russia under putin became a totalitarian dictatorship that's more focused on waging wars on its neighbors and oppressing its own population. They don't give a damn about climate and their horribly outdated landfill infrastructure is hurting the planet immensely. Furthermore, putin is selling the siberian forestry to the chinese for cheap. I don't have to explain why it's terrible.   \- Brazil's president bolsonaro suffered immense deforestation for profit. His absolute libertarian view of doing business is hurting the climate as well. The amazon rainforest is the lungs of our planet. Here's hoping that newly elected president Lula da Silva fixes the situation somehow, but I doubt it honestly.  Paper straws and plastic bag bans are good of course, but there is no way to reverse the effects of the climate change until the whole world tackles this problem. Not in this timeline, it seems.	2
"There's a very large proportion of people who believe climate change is not real. These people are wrong. Even without accounting for humans, the world is warming due to the ending of the ice age.  There's also a large proportion of people who believe man's impact on climate change is not real. These people are also wrong as we have enough data and direct causal link between CO2 and Temperature, and how much more we are putting into the atmosphere than what additional CO2 the ecosystem can absorb. We are making the planet warm faster.  There are also alarmists like AOC who say shit like the world is going to end in 12 years if we don't basically shut down our economy through insane policy changes. These people are also very wrong. Whether it is 12 years or 100 years. No serious scientific study except one (I'll get to that one) predicts in the foreseeable future, humanity will go extinct or anywhere near that drastic due to climate change.  Last I checked, the absolute worst case scenario, if we do absolutely nothing about climate change for the next 100 years, climate change will directly and indirectly cause as many deaths as traffic accidents.  Is it bad? Yes. Should we do something about it? Of course. Should we be spreading lies about how the world is going to freaking end if we don't? No. That will only make you seem deranged and untrustworthy.  Clean energy solutions like wind, solar, hydro, nuclear are great candidates to solving climate change. Planting trees, not so much.  Giving a ton of money to third world countries just for it to likely end up wasted in corruption in the name of ""climate change"" for equity? That is just going to leave a bad taste in the mouths of a lot of us.  Oh about that study, that was the only one that predicted the end of the world? It is widely criticized for drawing the conclusion that climate change will lead to global nuclear war."	2
https://www.cbsnews.com/news/supreme-court-person-sets-themselves-fire/?fbclid=IwAR30zyJsF6Ci-_ucajoDoDCFRvSCGyzCxK0SBy94Gs7EipFhUt01rBGXc_s  I say this not as someone who doesnt believe in climate change. It is real, it will cause problems.  But it will not end the world in the coming decades like many of the aforementioned activists and politicians espoused.  I have seen a ton of people of all ages who now hold the view that if we do not drastically change the course of climate change, the world is going to end for humanity. Not a thousand years from now, but less than a century. A view that runs in contrary to every reputable study out there. None of which by the way predicts the human extinction as a likely outcome of climate change in any reasonable time scale.  This man believed this was the case. This man thought the world was going to end. So of course he sought suicide as a worthwhile form of protest.	2
Yes they're annoying, yes they inconvenience regular people who largely aren't the problem, yes they damage public property.  The point isn't to stop traffic moving, it's to create headlines and outrage. It's an attempt to keep climate change in the headlines by whatever means necessary.  We've known about climate change for decades and basically nothing is being done. Why not try everything and anything at this point? We're running out of time.	2
On ethics: it's immoral to kill an animal. simple as that. if you think it's ok to kill a farm animal for food when there are other options available but not a human or even a pet, then you have to find a morally significant difference between the two groups.  On environmentalism: the animal agriculture is one of the biggest contributers to climate change and if we don't change something radically as soon as possible we're all going to be fucked. veganism isn't the only thing we need to do here but it's definitely one of the easiest things to change when compared to switching our energy production to renewables or some of the problems inherent to capitalism like overproduction and planned obsolescence.  On health: this is honestly the point i care about the least but it is still true that veganism is good for your health. there is a significantly lower risk of heart disease and cancer for vegans and it's not going to kill you to eat some b12 fortified foods or take a b12 supplement.  extra unpopular opinion: tofu isn't all that bad people just don't know how to prepare it properly.	2
These themes can only be part of public discourse in western *wealthy* countries. Main reason is, that western society, for the most part, has taken care of the basic existential issues. Such as: food, shelter, drinkable water, preventable disease treatment, economic stability. If a country doesn’t have those things figured out, then *climate change, pollution,LGBTQ Rights, renewable energy, cultural appropriation, which gender uses which toilet * take a very back step in everyday life.  EDIT: I don’t imply that these issues aren’t important. As others said, people these issues are just at the very top of Maslow’s pyramid.	2
If you have kids or ever think of having kids, make sure you and your partners carbon footprint is in the negative and support companies that help reduce the carbon footprint in the planet right now.       If you have kids without having given any thought any of these issues, sorry, you suck! A human being needs and wants so many resources that it almost impossible for the parents to provide them without any sort of carbon footprint.       No one should be allowed to just pop out children willy-nilly without any regards to the environment. 8 billion people on this planet is more than enough. And in spite of all the advances in medical and material science,  you can not complain about having sex without the scare of creating more human beings.       Every couple needs a permit to have a baby, provided they contribute in the lowering of carbon emissions and at least put some money in some fund that makes more forests.  TLDR; If you have kids and you still think you helping the planet by being vegan or using paper straws, sorry. You already lost that battle, and my respect.	2
Most people are convinced that everything in the world is completely FUBAR. The hype is unreal. Climate change, mass shooters, the economy in the toilet, corrupt leaders, evil corporate overlords, housing crisis, constant war/chance of nuclear war, etc. It's total bullshit. It's alarmist propaganda. The truth is this; things are better right now than they've ever been in the history of human existence. Fewer people living in poverty than ever before, access to electricity, clean water, health care, internet. Discrimination/persecution of people based on their ethnicity or sexual orientation is lower than ever. Life is more comfortable and easier for more people than it's ever been, but it seems like the easier it gets, the more people bitch about it.	0
"There are a number of prominent scientists including Nobel Laureates who do not agree with the ""consensus"" on climate change. Most of them are older and simply not given any media coverage but those who are actively working/researching are simply shunned and disparaged by the climate change conspiracy theorists. They are denied promotions and positions and research grants, then they are forced to take money from oil companies and stuff to continue their research, which in turn is used against them as proof they're ""corrupt"".  30 years ago there was no such thing as a ""climate scientist"". It literally didn't exist. An entire science and industry (mostly research which is just dollars that disappear to produce piece of paper) has sprung up around this. Researchers who don't get the desired results don't get the good funding or good positions or tenure track. The whole thing is a scam."	0
"This is common sense, but it's an unpopular opinion because most people are hypocrites. There are so many smug liberals that go like ""I'm being so green with my Prius"" but then they would go on to have several children. If you really gave a shit about the climate, you would have less to no children, you virtue signaler ! Those kids are going to grow up, most likely drive cars, going on airplane flights, etc.   You would also have to be pro-abortion. Actually, we should encourage more people to get abortions (I'm serious) because there is already too many people living on this planet.   I'm a nihilist and I personally don't give enough fucks about climate change to be honest. When I die, it's not my problem anymore. Besides, 1 person is not going to reverse climate change, let alone 8 billion people. I still don't litter, I have a high mpg car, and I bring my own bags to the grocery store, no children (yet), but at the end of the day, it won't do much to help. If we reduced the population, then maybe we would see a change, but I doubt it. The Earth will do whatever the fuck it wants to do. You think the Earth gave a fuck when humans were worried about the Ice Age 26,000 years ago ? And there were way way way less people living during that time period.    So yeah, I just don't see the point about bitching about climate change because people love fucking and having kids (including myself). Thank you for coming to my Ted Talk."	2
Just Stop Oil seems to be the newest scapegoat for everyone to have a hateboner over because they block traffic or throw soup on a painting or something but, here's the thing, absolutely fucking none of that fucking compares to the potential damage that climate change can cause to the planet.  However they protest, people are always going to get fucking pissy at them, or it'll be such a weak measly thing that no one will pay attention to them - which goes against the whole fucking point of a protest.  If you think that the inconveniences caused by Just Stop Oil are bad, you're really going to hate the inconveniences caused by climate change causing record heat deaths and food supply chain failures.	2
Pretty self-explanatory, lots of well-intentioned and moderately intelligent people acknowledge climate change is exacerbated by human activity and is a serious threat to our planet and our species - yet they are still happy to create life. Why? The reasons are almost always selfish and all you’re doing is condemning an innocent life to a dying world that will very much negatively affect them (and current generation) within their lifetimes. Your genes are not worth it.	2
Corporations can only attain power if there are enough consumers supporting them, i.e. not caring enough about the practices of those corporations to boycott them. Same goes for politicians. Even dictators don't commit any crimes personally, they have a whole system of people directly supporting them or supporting them via their indifference.  Hence whenever people point to corporations or politicians as perpetrators of moral crimes they're just looking for a way to either not offend anyone or defer their own responsibility in those crimes.  My favorite example for this is climate change. Most people say that corporations and politicians are responsible for climate change. But when you ask them if they are willing to make the necessary sacrifices to stop climate change such as becoming vegan, not flying for their holidays, using public transportation or a bike instead of their car, paying more for their electronic devices - deafening silence.	2
I am from Seattle, and one of the biggest issues here is that the city wants to build a second airport, yet the residents here are furious and angry. The reality is that flying is one of the most destructive modes of transportation for the environment, and it needs to be curtailed severely.  And outside of climate change, airports also bring a ton of noise pollution and exposure to chemicals to cities. Regardless of your opinion on climate change, I think we can agree flying is loud and annoying    America should be building more trains, not airports	2
Apparently this is an unpopular opinion now. Seeing this sentiment everywhere the last few months, crap like 'civilisation is going to collapse in the next ten years and we're just here working 9-5'.   I don't know what it is about my generation, but a lot of us want the world to end it seems. They are so gung-ho that it's going to happen soon - the world was going to end during covid and hysterics everywhere went on and on about it, especially on reddit and other social media. If we don't lock down hard and fast now and wear masks for the next ten years and pay everyone stay-at-home wages we're all going to die. Amazingly it was nowhere near as bad as claimed, just like always.   Now the climate and cost of living is going to destroy us all in the next decade, because of course it is. We're so desperate for our post-apocalyptic scenario despite civilisation being far more secure than during the cold war. As with any crisis, humanity will adapt. No matter if your impossibly unlikely scenarios do somehow come true, sorry to say the world still won't end. Any logical adult does not go around claiming the world is about to end. 	0
He’s done a lot of good things in just four years, he has no scandals, and is a very effective leader.   You know the situation is tough for the pencil pushers at Fox because right wing rage machine is hyper fixated on Hunter Hunter Hunter and the monthly gaffe instead of anything substantive.  From a comment for those who are drunk on anti Biden propaganda:  1. ⁠Passed the $1.2 trillion bipartisan infrastructure package to increase investment in the national network of bridges and roads, airports, public transport and national broadband internet, as well as waterways and energy systems. 2. ⁠Helped get more than 500 million life-saving COVID-19 vaccinations in the arms of Americans through the American Rescue Plan. 3. ⁠Stopped a 30-year streak of federal inaction on gun violence by signing the Bipartisan Safer Communities Act that created enhanced background checks, closed the “boyfriend” loophole and provided funds for youth mental health. 4. ⁠Made a $369 billion investment in climate change, the largest in American history, through the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. 5. ⁠Ended the longest war in American history by pulling the troops out of Afghanistan. 6. ⁠Provided $10,000 to $20,000 in college debt relief to Americans with loans who make under $125,000 a year. 7. ⁠Cut child poverty in half through the American Rescue Plan. 8. ⁠Capped prescription drug prices at $2,000 per year for seniors on Medicare through the Inflation Reduction Act. 9. ⁠Passed the COVID-19 relief deal that provided payments of up to $1,400 to many struggling U.S. citizens while supporting renters and increasing unemployment benefits. 10. ⁠Achieved historically low unemployment rates after the pandemic caused them to skyrocket. 11. ⁠Imposed a 15% minimum corporate tax on some of the largest corporations in the country, ensuring that they pay their fair share, as part of the historic Inflation Reduction Act. 12. ⁠Recommitted America to the global fight against climate change by rejoining the Paris Agreement. 13. ⁠Strengthened the NATO alliance in support of Ukraine after the Russian invasion by endorsing the inclusion of world military powers Sweden and Finland. 14. ⁠Authorized the assassination of the Al Qaeda terrorist Ayman al-Zawahiri, who became head of the organization after the death of Osama bin Laden. 15. ⁠Gave Medicare the power to negotiate prescription drug prices through the Inflation Reduction Act while also reducing government health spending. 16. ⁠Held Vladimir Putin accountable for his invasion of Ukraine by imposing stiff economic sanctions. 17. ⁠Boosted the budget of the Internal Revenue Service by nearly $80 billion to reduce tax evasion and increase revenue. 18. ⁠Created more jobs in one year (6.6 million) than any other president in U.S. history.19. Reduced healthcare premiums under the Affordable Care Act by $800 a year as part of the American Rescue Plan. 19. ⁠Signed the PACT Act to address service members’ exposure to burn pits and other toxins. 20. ⁠Signed the CHIPS and Science Act to strengthen American manufacturing and innovation. 21. ⁠Reauthorized the Violence Against Women Act through 2027. 22. ⁠Halted all federal executions after the previous administration reinstated them after a 17-year freeze. 23.  Withdrew from Afghanistan, reuniting American women and little girls with their fathers and brothers who had spent years fighting Isis and the Taliban.	2
I know this might be an unpopular opinion, but hear me out – Joe Biden has the potential to go down in history as the best president ever. While opinions may vary, there are several aspects of his presidency that deserve recognition.  Firstly, Biden's commitment to addressing climate change is commendable. His ambitious plans to invest in renewable energy and rejoin international agreements reflect a proactive approach to a global crisis. Taking climate change seriously is crucial for the well-being of future generations, and Biden's dedication sets him apart.  Secondly, Biden's emphasis on unity and bipartisanship is a refreshing change. In a polarized political climate, his efforts to reach across the aisle and find common ground are essential for fostering a more cooperative and functional government. Achieving unity is no easy task, but Biden's willingness to engage in dialogue with diverse perspectives is a step in the right direction.  Additionally, Biden's response to the COVID-19 pandemic has been comprehensive and science-driven. The successful vaccination rollout and economic recovery plans demonstrate a commitment to prioritizing public health and well-being. Navigating a crisis of this magnitude requires decisive leadership, and Biden has shown that he is up to the challenge.  Of course, no presidency is without its flaws, and there will always be differing opinions. However, acknowledging the positive aspects of Biden's presidency can help bridge the gap in our divided society. Let's foster constructive conversations about the potential for positive change under his leadership.	2
I used to think there was a hope of a systemic solution. I used to think of it like “how can we as humans save ourselves from this massive problem” and since have seen so many reasons to believe that that’s a fool’s hope that I’m shifting into a “how do I personally survive the climate apocalypse”. Like the only thing that can save us here is a rapid, radical social change, and while I’d love to see a socialist revolution tomorrow, I don’t think the kind of change that’s necessary is likely to happen in a short enough time to make any real difference.	2
So many people saying climate change is bullshit. That global warming isnt real, and all disasters are natural. So the ozone layer is fine is it? The piles of rubbish floating on the sea is fine? It doesnt harm any wildlife no? I cannot wrap my head around it and didnt think there were so many people who didnt believe in it	2
"The BLACKPINK (girl group) members want people to make a difference and save the planet. And yet they're the main ones, dating billionaire sons of Celine and rapping about ""flying private, next to the pilot."" Girls, shut yo asses up and go sit down somewhere!!! Privileged ass rich girls famous because of mommy and daddy and they wanna tell us common folks that we should make a difference. Fuck you!!!"	2
I don’t agree with their tactics, but the response to them is way out of proportion. Although their tactics are useless and misguided, I understand why they do it. The planet is dying and not enough people give a fuck.    The German government’s response is overkill; Police raids for blocking traffic? Are you fucking kidding me? Can we get some law enforcement raids on the German Bankers who continually laundry money for drug dealers, cartels, human traffickers, warlords, &amp; terrorists?	2
"I'm thinking...how much electricity, energy, etc. is consumed with this bullshit. Robocalls all day - 50 billion a year or something like that. Some days, the only mail I get is junk mail that goes straight in the can. Junk mail uses paper, printing presses, gas to deliver, etc., and then goes directly into a trash can. Like what the fuck is going on that people are still sending this shit to everyone? Does anyone ever answer a Robocall and say, ""OMG, this was the call I was waiting for!!!""     It's a complete fucking waste of energy, and in this day and age seem just ridiculous that there isn't a ban on all this shit. Just fucking stop already."	2
"Here is the mother fucking thing. I don't care what you have read online, heard on the streets and what you may or may not have seen on your facebook feeds, CLIMATE CHANGE IS REAL.  There is literally tens of thousands of independent studies, scientific inquiries, fruitful experiments and even more of the brightest minds in the world all participating in each of them, coming up with their own data and recording it into the annals of the scientific community, EACH YEAR. This sort of thing has been happening ever since the climate was suggested to have problems with it, resulting in a decade of research being containing tens-hundreds of thousands of reports and documentation that wasn't available to the last decade of the same amount of research and discovery... and people say they are ALL lying.   That they are ALL lying to the world because they are trying to push the climate change hoax to scare people. People say it doesn't exist because they don't want people to go around fear-mongering and attempting to push legislation that would harm people. Here's the thing about that...  EVEN IF THEIR WAS SOME DEEP ROOTED FUCKERY IN THE SCIENTIFIC COMMUNITY WHERE IT WAS ALL A LIE, WHAT FUCKING DIFFERENCE WOULD IT MAKE??? WHO THE FUCK IS GOING TO TURN DOWN BREATHABLE AIR IN PLACES WHERE SMOG AND POLLUTION ARE LITERALLY CHOKING PEOPLE??? IS THERE REALLY SOME SORT OF SINISTER-NESS TO THE WHOLE THING OF CUTTING HARMFUL POLLUTION?  I am so so so so so sick of hearing people acting like they know what they're talking about when it comes to denying climate change based on nothing more than a Google search titled ""Why Climate Change is a myth"" and then spewing whatever garbage they find there like it's fact, and discounting the whole scientific community as conspiracy theorists while ignoring the elephant sized block of irony. If you want to disprove climate change, go outside and do what the scientists who have been doing this for years do: SCIENCE! Prove to me that climate change isn't a real thing. Do it, I really want to see some dude/dudette go outside and prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that the information being put forth is fact and that Climate Change is the biggest load of shit in the world. Do it, because that would take a lot off my mind when I think about the year 2050 and how that might be so drastically different than now."	2
I don't get their arguments. They just say random bullshit about how the lefties made up climate change and that the hippie liberal scientists are tryna fuel some agenda. Like c'mon, of all issues in the world, climate change is so reasonable. How do your dense skulls not understand something like that? And even if, by some rare chance that climate change isn't real. What would it hurt? Now we produce less pollution, we invent new things that we wouldn'tve otherwise. I see that as a positive not a negative. There's no downside to being prepared and safe rather than sorry I my eyes. Sorry for the rant	2
If I read another comment denying climate change, I might go mental.  People all over Europe just experienced a deadly heatwave with record temperatures. Many have lost their houses or were forced to evacuate due to fires. 4,100 people were forced to evacuate in a town in France alone! [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2WVPS9PCps](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2WVPS9PCps)  Who knows how many experienced heat exhaustion or heat stroke, and fatalities so far are in the thousands. In addition, airports and train services were also shut down.  People are animals are suffering and dying as a result of climate change all over the world, and ignorant, selfish people who clearly don’t care actively reject science in preference for their opinions.  What is wrong with people??? I've even seen comments blaming 'energy weapons'.  Does any else feel a similar way? Thanks for reading.	2
 [https://www.ipcc.ch/report/ar6/wg1/](https://www.ipcc.ch/report/ar6/wg1/)   &amp;#x200B;  According to this report, we WILL be seeing at least 1.9 degrees Celsius of warming within the coming years.  What does that mean?   it means that in the best case scenario, we will see sea levels rising for the next several millennia  we will see droughts, hurricanes, water and food shortages the likes of which humanity has never seen and they will happen in our lifetimes   we will see some parts of the world becoming legitimately uninhabitable because of how warm they'll become  and if we do nothing, there is a possibility that before 2100 Antarctica's ice will cease to exist   say goodbye to avocados   say goodbye to Venice, Italy.  Say goodbye to New York City, Los Angeles, Miami, and every other coastal city on the planet.  and to every single person reading this, your chances of dying from something related to dehydration, starvation, natural disasters, or other things that WILL be caused by climate change is now much higher.  And all that people who are able to help have been doing is going to space for the hell of it.  I'd say there was hope if there were any. There isn't. the damage has been done.   Have a good fucking day.	2
I live in south Louisiana, it's not the hottest place in the United States but it's hot enough that I do not understand anyone here who thinks global warming/climate change is a hoax. We used to have periodic flash freezes here that would kill big trees and make them collapse, and now we're lucky if the temp falls below 50°F all year round unless you live on the water.  I'm pissy because I live in an industrial town where a lot of our petrochemicals are processed, we are one of a handful of cities in the country considered a major contributor to the CO2 crisis. I'm trying to do yard work but have to take breaks every 20 minutes because on top of it being 95° outside the humidity is almost 70%. This is the kind of weather I'm used to seeing once every three to six years for one or two weeks between July and August, but it's been like this consistenty between May and September EVERY YEAR.	2
We have seen multiple people claim that climate change is Obama, or just a left wing conspiracy. Well if you believe this, wake the fuck up and look at the facts. The overall temperature of the globe is rising. Incredibly. Permafrost is melting in Siberia, releasing fuck tons of gas into the ozone, even fucking us to the level of no return. All we can do now is fire the fuck out of the idiots who don't believe in climate change and stop what we are doing.  Fuck you politicians who don't look at the facts.	2
"Holy shit man. How the fuck can you look at all the evidence that humans are effecting climate change and just be like ""nah that's not what's happening"" ? I'm so goddamn frustrated right now. I brought up how 99% of scientists believe that humans are negatively impacting the climate and my mom, in all seriousness, says "" but what about that 1% huh. Just follow the money all those scientists are paid to say they have evidence."" Goddamnit mom! How fucking dense are you?? And my dad! My dad's a fucking lawyer so while he's arguing with me he fucking starts using his fucking lawyer voice and tactics cross examining me all while completely disregarding the facts I say because I couldn't explain to him what the medieval warming was. I used to look up to my dad because he was so smart about everything. But now he's turned into a bullshit climate denying Trump supporter. I feel like my damn world view is shattered. Who the fuck are these people?? I feel like I don't even know them anymore. I'm so goddamn angry I could spit. Fucking goddamn fuck man! I honestly thought my parents were better than this. Ever since that piece of shit got elected my folks are becoming warped."	2
I’ve given up  Hello everyone, for the last few years I’ve been following news and developments on climate change and the policies surrounding it but I’ve finally reached my breaking point. I’ve spent a lot of time in environmental subs and all I see is never ending comments of doom and gloom about things like a Blue Ocean Event, Methane Bombs in the Permafrost, and the Clathrates Gun hypothesis. The general consensus from the scientists publishing these studies seems to be that we are too late and that we passed the irreversible tipping points a while ago and that now we are on the descent to hothouse earth. I expected this from doomer subs but now that I’m seeing it in scientific and more mainstream subs I can’t help but feel hopeless. I’ve seen the same old articles repeat the same old apocalyptic scenarios for years now and frankly it’s making me more and more apathetic to the point where we might as well smart emitting more emissions just so we can get this shit over with. Sorry for the long rant but I’ve officially given up. Goodbye	2
i’m fucking angry right now. the world is literally ending and the power to change it rests in the hands of a few dozen assholes who have more money than they could possibly spend and yet they continue to ravage the earth in search of more and more and more and more.   i cant even imagine being such a vile, selfish, greedy pile of dogshit that you would knowingly sell out your child’s future for another fucking sports car.   i feel so goddamn powerless too. who gives a shit if i recycle when there are massive corporations out there literally setting the ocean on fire, never mind that recycling is basically useless.   the deadline to stop this was years ago.  at this point, most of the damage is irreversible and the best we can hope for is that the earth is still livable for humans in a few decades, assuming we miraculously get our shit together in a matter of months. i am so fucking close  to completely giving up but it’s all the more agonizing because i know that there is still hope for humanity and i know that we could still change things and save ourselves but we won’t. we fucking won’t.   i hate the people and corporations that are responsible for this. they’ve stolen the lives of so many millions of people and they won’t even live long enough to see the suffering they’ve inflicted on future generations.    this is such fucking bullshit.	2
You can recycle, go vegan, drive an electric vehicle, and even switch to LED light bulb.   No matter what you do just know that there's 100 corporations responsible for 71% of the carbon emissions on Earth. Coupled with the emissions coming out of China, the USA, and the Pentagon.   To deal with climate change only robust government policy can resolve climate change. Unless the world works as a collective. Nothing will ever get accomplished.	2
"How many more of the demented modern day Communist running as Demoshits are going to refer to the FUCKEN WEATHER as WWII, and the worlds only got 12 years to save it's self.....BULLSHIT....BULLSHIT...BULLSHIT...From Beatoff O'Rorkey to that South Bend limp wrist Mayor BUTTLICKER, that fraud Warrens to that old wanna be Communist Sanders. Not to mention total dumb dolts like that Kotex Cortez. CLIMATE CHANGE / GLOBAL WARMING is a FUCKEN HOAX . Even if you 150% went to everything renewable, clean, green, use whatever stupid dumb ass commie code word for shit you want.  A) You still need oil to make plastics, to make shit IDIOTS. B) There's still going to be FUCKEN WEATHER IDIOTS. Some of it nice and some of it not so nice. Sadly a entire generation has now been down loaded since birth with really bad FUCKEN code. Thanks to Communist who call themselves progressives. Who want only for you to give up your freedom and liberty at the expense of, the power this country has. Go ask the stupid French who had that dribble bullshit shoved down their throat how they liked it. That's why they been in the streets for 4 months now fighting it's repeal. Paying $3.10 TAX per gallon of gas or diesel to save the planet....LOL....As stupid PROGRESSIVE /COMMUNIST government begins to bust the citizen, they then stand up. Here, the little retards resits the wrong things. Fight against security of the nation, fight against energy independence. Because they have been brain washed by PROGRESSIVE COMMUNISTS. Here's a example. 30 miles outside of Las Vegas in the desert. for years the BLM and tree huggers kept the land marked (DON'T TOUCH / DON'T USE)   DESERT TORTOISE special place. Well because the Commie Cock Suckers didn't want coal fired electric plants running (Climate change HOAX). The Mopa electric plant 70 miles north of Vegas needed to be closed. Guess what happen. They took the special DON'T TOUCH DESERT TORTOISE property and just ran that fucken shit over and over with bulldozers to put up solar, and gave the property to the BIG EVIL CORPORATION the dumb asses rally against. Nice Communist picked winners and losers. Go ahead Climate Commie Cock sucker and say ""the Scientists"". Well go look up your fucken idiot scientists who are paid fucken shills. That took Temperature readings from airport tar roofs and said GLOBAL WARMING. Or the make believe fucken scientist that OVOMIT  paid $160,000 a year that never even showed up in their office. When people went to check who these morons were and what the fuck they were doing. All that was found was a inch of fucken dust in the room and the "" Government Climate Scientists"" were at the LA Fitness center taking selfies in the mirror. Yea that's your fucken scientists. Then there are these just past teen broads using dry shampoo to shave the ""environment"". Fucken take a shower you skank and wash your Vaga. Your going to have a yest infection long before Climate catastrophic event happens. God Dam stop being the band of useless idiots dragged by the nose by Communist right into a pile of SHIT. You fucken idiots if you had a brain you would be looking for the Government to be selling you the property under their control. So your idiot generation could grow and achieve their own prosperity. No...Rather you so fucken Climate Change brain dead you sit in some shit place run by fucked up Progressives that tax your stupid asses 12+% on every dollar you SPEND. Then you sit there piss and moan you can't make enough. Well DUH....Maybe add another 10% to that for Climate Change bull shit. Then see how that works for your dumb ass. The Climate / environment you fuck tards. All you have to do is learn to throw your garbage in the can instead of all over the road. Fuck look at the mess you dumb ass leave after marching around banging a bucket drum. Wake the fuck up. Weather is going to be in your life like it or not."	0
Basically what the title says, like how can we as a species not all atleast agree we are screwed if we keep acting how we are. The worst part is the youngest generations like myself are expected to just act like we won't inherit the brunt of it. Like study, get a job, get a mortgage, be a good little citizen. Then boom my house is under water in 2050, and it was completely preventable.   * I would like to preface the next part with not all boomers are the same. People in all generations deny or don't care. But it does seem boomers and upwards are the main culprits.   We are literally watching Governments care for PR and boomers not care that earth could literally be uninhabitable in my lifetime, or there literal children/ grandchildrens lifetime. If we stay on this path my only hope is it happens sooner. I will still be young enough to beat a boomer to the food supplies, last seat on the evacuation bus, etc. If my generation and generations below are being walked into a grim demise I think boomers should have to see it through too. Or you know care, take action now.   Would say before its too late, but some scientists already predict its too late. So screw people that don't care.	2
I'm a Canadian, and I've grown up in winters that come with blizzards and temperatures so cold it freezes the windshield wiper fluid coming out of a car incredibly quickly. I've had to deal with temperatures as low as -45 degrees Celsius (-49 degrees Fahrenheit) and snow banks that dwarf me in size and height.  I've loved growing up in Canada. While the cold can be unpleasant, it's a part of Canadian culture that I love.   Today is December 30th 2021, a day right in the middle of Winter, and it's 0 degrees Celsius out right now (32 degrees Fahrenheit). Snow and ice are beginning to melt, and I can see puddles on the road instead of snowed up roads.  This entire winter I haven't even had to wear winter gloves, it's been so mild. Hills that I used to sled down as a kid are now snowless, and I'm actually able to see grass on the ground.  The temperature this winter has barely dropped below -10 Celsius (14 degrees Fahrenheit), when at the same time 10 years ago it would have been so cold you would develop frostbite just by touching your bare hands to metal. Cold temperatures and snow are disappearing, and no one seems to care.  At this rate I wouldn't be surprised to see my last snowfall within 30 years, at most. It's extremely depressing and anxiety-inducing. How am I supposed to remain hopeful about humanity's future when the damage we are doing to our planet is so clear and visible but nothing is being done to remedy the problem?	2
"I live in socal, and someone posted the moisture levels in the richest areas and they are all full of moisture meaning that the fucking rich people are using up all of the water for their lawns and dont give a shit. I take 10 minute showers at the MOST and im scared that we are just gonna run out of water while the kardashians take 15 minute private jet flights polluting the planet and use up all of the water just so their lawn is nice.  How is it that we are being punished because rich people are using up all of our resources because they can? We all work so hard just for them to take it all.  I am already committed to not having kids because our planet will probably be uninhabitable. I dont want to lose hope that we can change this but its getting hard. Everyone who has the power to do something about it wont. And i was already freaking out about the supreme court.  Fuck man it really feels like the world is hopelessly going to shit and i feel completely powerless. I buy eco friendly fair trade shit and it doesnt make a difference. Even eating ""sustainably sourced seafood"" is a scam. Every time there is a movement for change it is later revealed that a corporation invented it to mislead us, like recycling, and plastic straws. Like ok ill stop using plastic straws and then BP will set the fucking ocean on fire."	2
"Well I am extremely pissed, because those goddamn thick headed old people are ruining everything for current and Future generations and they just keep shitting on us for trying to make a change.  Take Greta for example and her ""How dare you"" speech, almost 80% of all the comments on all the videos and reposts I've seen of that speech are boomers just shitting on her saying stuff like ""she's just a child who don't know what she's talking about""  "" Oh she's brainwashed and making lots of money"" and yadayadyada, WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU PEOPLE, HOW CAN YOU BE SO DAMN BLIND  The planet is being ruined, and you fuckers are going to die anyway and we are going to be left with all that shit you're leaving behind for us How can people be so damn stupid and ignorant and just shit on a young girl for standing up for what's right, saying that she's autistic and she's a child so we should invalidate everything she says because of that IS JUST PLAIN STUPID.  I'm seriously sick of this world and the people living in it, why is it my fault and burden to suffer because of the mistakes of my ancestors, and even worse they don't even acknowledge they did anything wrong and won't listen to us.  We need thanos but instead of half the population he just exterminate people over 35yo or something"	2
"Yes, climate changes daily. Even the best scientists  cannot predict the weather three days out.  A hurricane changes path.  Weather people ""the hurricane has changed its path.  We don't know why, but now your gonna die"".  Seriously, if they can't predict the weather three days out, how do they know the world is gonna be unlivable in 10 year(or 12 years).  Quit living in fear and trying knee jerk reactions."	0
[https://americandreaming.substack.com/p/the-psychology-of-climate-skepticism](https://americandreaming.substack.com/p/the-psychology-of-climate-skepticism)	2
	2
"Looking at you, dad. There's a global consensus. It is real. It's human driven. It has terrible consequences for future generations even more than mine (early millennial).  The fact that your Fox news polls show that reactions to it go along party lines (84% Democrats consider it a crisis while 81% of Republicans don't) actually just shows how misleading the average Republicans news source is.   Also, fuck Fox News and every piece of shit verbal diarrhea fountain that works there  Edit: Also talking about ""trigger reactions"" is the most boomer thing I may have ever heard"	2
I've been dying to work in Composting, Soil Sciences, an Environmental Educator, Green Roofing, anything!, for ages...but these jobs pay absolute shit and it feels like if anyone wants to work towards leading change during their life, they're going to pay for it by being poor.	2
 [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ypfKYlBQoY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ypfKYlBQoY)	2
You can be skeptical. I don't care. The problem is when you make counter claims. And use your one liners as evidence. I just hate thinking that I am the same species as these idiots..  When a report comes out detailing the contributions that humans have done to contribute to climate change I hear the one line of how 'but climate is always changing, that's why we have the ice age'. Right. But did you calculate the statistical contribution? Did you calculate and measure things? Because I haven't. And that's the point. I make no claims. But you certainly claim we make no contribution at all so show me your math. Show me all the data you have collected.   What was the temperature a million years ago? How much would the earth change if humans weren't here? Did you calculate it? No. Then please shut up. Do you have any sort of peer reviewed reports? No. Then fuck off. If our earth is dying why the hell would you be upset to try to improve things? Even if it wasn't, take a look at Beijing. We need cleaner air, cleaner energy , cleaner waters.   Yes, I contribute with my phone, I'm not perfect. You don't need to. But I would rather a bad man who admits his mistakes than a bad man who pretends he is a good guy  So for the record, I'm not against people denying with , if any, reports, evidence etc the problem is when you question them all they can do is go LA LA LA and go on about some consipiracy of the government lying or what not	2
"I'm getting so sick and tired of everybody. Everyone is just so ignorant, selfish and stupid all the goddamn time and it's driving me crazy. Climate change is a serious issue but no one REALLY cares about it. Everyone pretends they do, but in reality they can't let go of their fucking privileged wastefull planet destroying lifestyle.  Think about it, what do YOU do to help stop climate change? Is there a single thing you do to fight against it? Do you try to eat less meat? Shower for no longer then 5 minutes? Try to avoid using your car whenever possible? No??? That means you. Don't. Care.  Even climate activist don't seem to care enough. Have you ever seen an interview with people protesting against climate change? Whenever asked what they do to help save the planet, they can't think of an awnser. They just want to complain but are to lazy to do anything themselves. And don't even get me started on people who throw their trash on the ground.  I don't get it. I just don't. Are people just so stupid they don't fully comprehend how bad their lifestyle truly is?  And don't be one of those retards commenting ""it's not our fault, it's those darn giant cooperations that are polluting the world, it's outside of our control""  That's not true. It's an excuse and defense mechanism so that you can keep destroying the planet without taking the blame.  Sure, they're probably the biggest polluters, but it's just as much your fault as theirs. You people are the ones supporting these companies. You people don't take the effects you'll have on the environment in consideration either when doing/buying something. You're just as bad as them  The world is dying around us and no one seems to care. It makes me feel like I'm crazy.  If you don't want to save the planet now for the wildlife you're indirectly murdering or for the ecosystems you're destroying, then do it for the next generation of humans. They're gonna have to deal with the planet we've destroyed once we're all dead.  I know I'm just screaming into the void here, I'm not accomplishing anything by saying this. People are just gonna be offended by me calling them out, call me a tree hugger or whatever and continue their normal lives but i don't care. I just needed to get this off my chest.  Stop making excuses and start doing something about it. I'm basically begging you at this point"	2
"My grandmother is a huge Trump supporter.  Obnoxiously so.  She has a Trump teddy bear, guys.  I haven't talked to her in a bit due to her beliefs but recently we got into an argument.  She was insisting that climate change isn't real, and as such people needed to stop caring so much because ""the ocean is fine"".  Having argued with her before, I instead asked, ""Even if that was true, why are you against cleaning the oceans?""  She couldn't respond.  People.  Even if you don't believe in it, why are you fighting against cleaning the oceans?  Either way we end up with clean oceans and who does that hurt?  Why does cleaning the oceans anger elderly people? I'm so confused."	2
"A quick search on Reddit for the term ""climate change"" will yield dozens upon dozens of results of stories blaming everything imaginable on climate change.  This isn't helping.  It's hurting.  A lot.  Because all it's doing is providing fuel to deniers who are quick to call the science ""alarmism"", because people want to try and pin everything from skinnier polar bears to fatter children on the changing climate.   Even if it's all TRUE, it's STILL not helping to publish a new story every hour where you're blaming some progressively more obscure thing on the changing climate.    Tactics like that do not work.  The whole ""everyone's going to die"" thing just makes you look overdramatic when another 10 years passes and everyone still isn't dead yet.    Please stop.  It's not helping, and it's making my job harder. "	2
Everyone is looking forward to 2021 as if corona, climate change, and corruption is just going to vanish on January 1st! We have been neglecting all of societies problems for so long, and 2020 has been the acumulation of that. For years we neglected climate change, most people not even bothering to do the simplest of things to do their part; not that it matters, because the real cause of climate change is the corporations who will never stop because we keep voting for the people who suck all the CEOs' dick. Now we get to pay the price, with deadly storms, wildfire, and other natural disasters becoming the norm and staying the norm. Then people say that 2020 gets worse because of all the protesting as if what the people are protesting hasn't been a problem for many years! The 20s will be defined by a continuation of what 2020 was, being better or worse depending on who becomes the leaders of various countries, as well as a massive techonlogical leap forward led by the commercial sector. I hate that people say that 2020 keeps getting worse as if all these problems weren't caused by us.	2
How the fuck can you even deny that it's false. It's insane to me to think that people just disregard proven science to further their agenda. And then harass a girl who is dedicating her life to brining the issue to the forefront of the news. You have to be dense to not believe in it.	2
I don't get how anyone can not believe in global warming. I think it's vastly more important than any issue in the world today, the only ones close in terms of importance are nuclear weapons and poverty in my opinion. There have already been large amounts of land ruined and/or sunk underwater due to global warming, and it's getting worse every year. What really angers me is that half the people in the world don't seem to believe in it, which severely limits our ability to do anything about it! I think global warming is a massive threat to our future and people really need to take it seriously.  /rant	2
So I’m an environmental science major and have since graduated a few years ago. In one of my classes we had to propose a study. Ya know the whole background, hypothesis, experiment, procedure, budget etc. I chose to focus on how using specific verbiage in signage and talks at national parks affects peoples feelings toward climate change and their willingness to listen. I know it sounds not that important but when scientists have been aware of this for decades but continue to struggle how to get the message across it’s important to focus on the verbiage. Right?  Well it’s fucking stupid, global warming and climate change mean the same fucking thing. We still to this day have climate deniers in high power so no matter how you talk about it to the general public it shouldn’t make a difference.   I’m tired of having to jump through fucking hoops to get people to agree with the science. Our planet is worth so fucking much and we just treat it like shit. This is a rant about the deniers of climate change more than anything. Until the people in power change their mind about climate change we’re not going to see any change or progress.	2
"We hear it all the fucking time. ""We are going to stop climate change."" ""We are going to fix the ecosystem.""  Alright, so are we gonna work on getting rid of our reliance on fossil fuels and start focusing on more clean and sustainable resources? Are we gonna improve our infrastructure and end our reliance on cars? Are we gonna stop pumping out these pesticides into the air?  No, of course not. Just bike bro lol. Just use less water bro lol.  The folks who are the greatest cause of these issues are not going to be held accountable, so nothing is going to fucking happen. One side says that they are going to combat climate change to get votes, while the other side says that it doesn't exist at all. You're an idiot if you think getting into the field of conservation is a good idea lol. Nothing is going to fucking improve.   And don't get me started on animals. All departments regarding fish and wildlife and controlled by and funded by hunters, so any animals that aren't of interest to them are screwed. If an animal has the ability to kill deer, then hunters are going to ""population control"" the fuck out of them. Wisconsin just killed 20 percent of its wolf population under the guise of population control.  Was there outcry? Of course. Is anything going to be done about this? Of course not.  The only animals that matter are the ones that make money. Salmon make money, so the cormorants and sea lions that eat them get shot. Deer make money, so the wolves and cougars that eat them get shot. Of course habitat loss is the number one reason for the decline in these species, but hunters like shooting shit, so let's focus on predators that have coevolved with these animals for millennium instead of focusing on the real issues.  Ironically enough, these hunters won't use their skills in order to eradicate invasive species like feral pigs. Thousands of feral hogs are shot every year, but they still spread. Wanna know how they were able to spread so far and so quickly? [Because hunters like to shoot them, so they were released into more areas](https://dailyjournalonline.com/community/farmington-press/news/illegal-release-transport-of-feral-hogs-a-problem/article_ce50db52-bed1-586e-bafb-5d133c2b36a1.html) Female feral pigs are quite sedentary, yet they are able to reach these new locations out of the blue."	2
"Why is everyone focused on temperature/""natural cycle"" change? Why does the ""left"" focus so much on sea level rise or temperature rise discourse? Why does the ""right"" focus on natural cycles in our environment? Can they give me examples of our evolutionary history or just the past 6000 years? WHY CAN'T WE ZOOM OUT ON GOOGLE MAPS AND SEE ALL THE GREY AREAS TRANSFORMED TO URBAN ENVIRONMENTS? Why can't we see that THAT IS CLIMATE CHANGE? what existed before roads? Trees/Prairie/Undisturbed ecology. We literally dictate salmon populations, flood mitigation, lake water levels, deforestation, agriculture....greed. It is so obvious to me that we are altering the climate, the entire earth has been altered to make a habitat that is human-friendly. The earth was not inherently ""created"" for humans. We have shaped the earth like a artist over hundreds of thousands of years. First came the arsonists, then the extinctionists, then the agriculturalists, then the capitalists. We are the cause of the current shit storm that's surrounding the stability of world domination. Sure, the climate changes and evolves and that is why we have global epochs. But lets be real, we live in the ANTHROPOCENE. A human-induced hallucinogen that has harbored a death sentence and physical presence  to the complicated ecology that has evolved over millions of years. We literally are a bacterial growth on this planet, and all it takes is a simple zoom out on google maps. Enough said. "	0
I think climate change is important too, I get it. But don't fuck with peoples holidays! People saved all year for their holidays and booked a many months in advance to get Easter week off! Which is hard by the way if you have everyone in your company trying to book those same day off. If you delay or cancel my flight I will throw plastic and cans in your faces and be against your cause. Yeah I'm petty and switch sides of you mess with my holidays.	2
 [https://pagesix.com/2019/07/30/a-listers-flock-to-google-summit-in-private-jets-mega-yachts-to-talk-climate-change/?\_ga=2.74028817.263768670.1564409595-1619352479.1515542892](https://pagesix.com/2019/07/30/a-listers-flock-to-google-summit-in-private-jets-mega-yachts-to-talk-climate-change/?_ga=2.74028817.263768670.1564409595-1619352479.1515542892)	0
" Please, if your a minority like myself, next time your at climate change rally, ask a white person there if enacting what is ""required"" to battle climate change, ask them if the cost was human lives...would it still be ok?    You will be surprised what answers you would get.  I asked a few and many whites in particular were ""ok,"" for what they called a""sacrifice for the greater good.""   Now, look into who and what would suffer.  Note that it will be mostly people of color that will be radically affected.  Also effected would be those in lower income or 3rd world.   To make it clear, the people mostly demanding a radical stance on climate change, are the ones who are least likely to be negatively impacted by it.....    Just do me a favor.  Look into those who would suffer radically from battling climate change and you will find that minorities, the poor and people of color all around the world will struggle if not die.  Read the infamous Green New Deal for those even in the USA.  In it, it briefly discusses the issue to ""lessen the burden,"" towards minorities and people of lower incomes."	2
I live in the upper Midwest and right now my state is experiencing severe drought, as well as seeing a heat index of 103 tomorrow. We’re used to some hot days and going a bit without rain but not like this.   The harvest is going to be horrible this year, meaning farmers will be out on money if they didn’t insure their crops. The rivers and lakes are struggling, with water levels being extremely low. Animals are struggling, I’ve passed more dead animals in the last two weeks then I have in ages. Those who are homeless are dying or suffering extreme injuries as they don’t have very many options of where to escape the heat at.   All of this is caused by climate change, yet some yeehaw assholes and many non-yeehaw dumbasses don’t believe in it and are going out of their way to avoid the discussion. What’s going to happen when we can’t feed people because of failed crops? When we see large numbers of animals dying off due to lack of water? Are we just going to blame it on nature being nature or ignore it?   The time to change things is now. Start recycling, composting, using more efficient transportation if you can afford to, and actually try to help the planet instead of killing it off. We only have one earth and it’s long overdue for a mass culling of the population.	2
I‘m so fucking done with this shit. Feel like ima snap at the next Im-an-ignorent-dumb-cunt-Boomer that tells me I‘m not old enough to be making factual points and arguments. Like jesus fucking christ not only am I gifted in rational thought and mathematics (which I know, sounds like I‘m trying to brag or some shit but I‘m really not. I hate saying it, I hate making people think I‘m arrogant when I‘m not but it does a good job invalidating their claim. Whole other rant I could get into about people thinking Im tryna brag simply by mentioning the fact Im gifted, even in a conversation where it makes sense to mention it.) but, due to me knowing how modern technology works, Im probably better informed than you also.   Take Greta Thunberg for example. Greta has done more for this planet than any of us ever will. Despite her only being 16 years old (Greta has mentioned that her having aspergers, therefore forcing her to think rationally has actually benefited her cause more than it’s compromised it, therefore not adding it as „despite“) she has successfully brought our planets students together in an effort to raise awareness about climate change. Yet when politicians are confronted with facts, they say shit like „they should rather be at school!“ or „They‘re just children“ or „scientists are very divided on the subject of climate change“. Couple thing about that btw:  They are not. A german organization of literally thousands of scientists recently wrote an open letter to the ruling party of germany (CDU), stating that what fridays for future activists say is, in fact, factually correct and the truth. This happened after the CDU made exactly the same dumb-fuck claims and/or dumb-fuck arguments. Scientists are not divided on the subject of climate change. Here’s a quote from skepticalscience.com stating exactly how fucking „divided“ scientists are on this particular subject:  „What the science says: That humans are causing global warming is the position of the Academies of Science from 80 different countries plus many scientific organizations that study climate science. More specifically, around 95% of active climate researchers actively publishing climate papers endorse the consensus position“ -skepticalscience  „scientists are very divided on the subject of climate change“ go fuck yourself, and go fuck yourself for trying to hide from facts by saying „b.. bu... BUT THEY SHOULD BE STUDYING GEOMETRY RIGHT NOW!“ Buncha fucking cunts.  Edit: English is not my first language so please excuse any spelling/grammar mistakes.	2
Yeah stop pretending you are a climate scientist for me please. The truth is you dont know so stop talking as if you do. I hate it when some mcdonalds worker acts like theyre the leading climate scientist. I dont know either but i dont prerend to like you do. 	1
So journalistic too. JK. See [here](https://youtu.be/FxNCRgXdINY). Morons.	2
Gee, what better way to protest inaction on climate change than for hundreds, maybe thousands of people to get in their cars and drive dozens, hundreds of miles to a major population center to march, thereby causing transit congestion, slowing down traffic and causing more spent fuel and pollution, consuming paper goods to make signs and creating waste.  There's this thing called The Internet. How about you geniuses start using technology to show the world examples of how our technology can help us reduce waste, and therefore make a real impact on climate change?  Oh and it's really cute that you worship celebrities who are outspoken on climate change, while flying in their private jets around the world. Leo could survive on a first class ticket in a jumbo jet if he were willing to sit among us peasants, but noooo let's make a whole extra trip in a whole extra airplane.  This is all virtue signaling at best. People want to say they were part of the push to fight climate change but aren't willing to make any real changes in their lives or call out celebrity hypocrites.   I'm fucking tired of it. Where has integrity gone? Has everyone turned into a loud mouthed crybaby bitch these days? Complain and disrupt, but don't actually make any attempt to inspire and initiate real change?  Attending protests these days amounts to little more than changing your Facebook profile picture for child abuse awareness. It's utterly meaningless, and protests that might actually have meaning are sullied by extremists who commit acts of vandalism and violence, but are not soundly and publicly rejected by the main body of protestors, implying consent and approval.  Does our society just completely lack purpose, aim, direction, insight? Can we not figure out that outrage and expressions of outrage, which is essentially what these protests are, do absolutely nothing to correct injustices or inspire change? That it actually makes the problems worse by widening the divide among the people?  We're so fucked. People need to remove their heads from their asses. 	2
All I see of the protests are the funny, witty, and insulting posters and signs.   It seems to be more of a contest of cleverness than actually saying anything.   It doesn’t look to me that the people marching and protesting give a crap about climate change, more like they are out there to show funny signs. PLUS, so many people smiling in the pictures I’ve seen (not all, but enough for me to notice) is it really a serious issue? Everyone can see plenty of those watching college game day.   Thank you for your time.	2
"You know the ones. The ones that show up just to parrot ""THe plAnET Will BE fIne ItS thE PEoPLe WHO arE FUcKeD"" as if that's a distinction that somehow matters.  Especially annoying are the ones who act like they're somehow enlightened beings for acknowledging this, or who act like they're some how the only Neutron in the crowd capable of comprehending that the rock we live on isn't literally dying a mortal death. The kind of person who really should at this point in their life know well enough what a fucking metaphorical phrase looks like.  It contributes absolutely nothing to the discussion but variations of this feel like they show up *every time* a discussion on climate change is had.  Honestly, pedants in general are just really insufferable, and it's frustrating just how saturated this site in particular is with them."	2
"Fat people are associated with greater greenhouse gas emissions, which are significant contributors to climate change. Considering we humans breathe oxygen and release CO2, the fats are responsible for an extra 700 megatons of CO2 released every year, or 1.6 percent of all man made emissions. Compared to a normal person, a fat person produces an extra 81kg/year of CO2 from metabolism, an extra 593 kg/year from greater food and drink consumption, and an extra 476 kg/year of emissions from cars/planes. The commercial habits of fat people produce much more physical waste, on average around 2200 pounds or 1000 kilos per year.  The average person among the richest 1% emits 175 times more carbon than his or her counterpart among the bottom 1%. In fact, 49% of all emissions are created by the top 10% richest people. Think about that next time you hear some millionaire hollywood celeb tweeting ""think of our planet"" from their private jet.  The average person in Middle-East and Africa produces 1/25th the waste of average person in the West. Every person you bring to the west from these countries, therefore increases production of waste by 1600 pounds, or 725kg per year per person. These people also generally also have much bigger families, for example muslims average at 3 children in middle-east, and the ones living in west having almost twice that. A recent trend is being propagated by media that having children is the biggest cause of climate change. Rich people also have more children, about 2.66 compared to average working class 1.82. So while rich fat liberals are telling working-class Americans to not have children, they themselves have more children, and same people are also most vocal in support of flooding west with millions of people who have an average of 2-3 times the birthrates. The people most vocal about climate change, are largely fat rich liberals who support mass-immigration and replacement."	2
"I understand that the term ""global warming"" can be misleading, but ""climate change"" is really not difficult to understand. In the north, the weather's getting colder **because it's winter/spring**. In Australia, however, people are fucking dying of heatstroke.  ***And you mean to tell me we need more global warming?***  ***What I don't understand is how, with the physical and meteorological evidence, one can deny climate change exists.***  It frustrates me to no end how people can be so ignorant and misinformed.  &amp;#x200B;"	2
	2
When did opinion become fact? When did science get thrown out the window? When did logic and reason get replaced with completely idiotic theories that people state as truth? Do they not understand that everyone around them has a life as deep and complex as their own? They’re all worried about wearing a fucking mask into Walmart for like 20 minutes because it’s “uncomfortable”. You know what is uncomfortable? Hacking up your lungs and potentially dying from COVID. It puts everyone at risk around you if you don’t wear a mask in public. And why the hell do people think the COVID vaccine will have micro chips? I would bet everyone saying this shit read it on some dumb ass Facebook post off of their smartphones which are perfectly capable of being tracked. If you think a vaccine will track you but your phone can’t you’re a fucking lunatic. Also if you don’t believe in climate change at this point you need a doctor	2
There is absolutely no reason that it should be. Everyone should be united on this issue. We're fucking up the planet and left, right, and center aside, we will all have to deal with the consequences. Our children and their children will have to deal with the consequences. God damn. 	2
I have stopped buying things in general anymore. I try not to produce unnecessary waste. I bring my own containers to go.  I do my best but it will never be enough. I’m just an individual. When I bring out my containers, people tease me for being a pussy. I’m like WTF.  Not many are taking this seriously. I feel like I’m just constantly battling a boss that will never stop. I’m tired. I’m sad. My whole future might be ruined because of climate change. Environmentalism is still a joke amongst many.	2
And it looks like probably soon hundreds of millions of us are going to starve.	2
"Let me start things off by saying I'm not interested in sparking any debates on whether or not climate change is real. Most people including myself can agree that climate change is real in some form or another, with the question of whether or not it is man made or how much human activity influences it being an entirely different debate.  &amp;#x200B;  That's not what I'm here to talk about. What I AM here to discuss is something that I've been noticing happening more recently and it pisses me off SO MUCH. Why is it that after almost EVERY natural disaster that happens nowadays, why the fuck are there SO MANY people blaming it on weather manipulation or climate change? I keep seeing people mentioning HAARP in particular, a weather research station that was mostly shut down in 2014. The thing is, most of these people have no fucking clue how HAARP even works. HAARP is a high-frequency transmitter that uses radio waves to momentarily heat up a small section of the ionosphere, with other instruments used to collect the data on what occurs in that specific region. The thing is, storms don't form in the ionosphere, they form in the atmosphere. For example, supercell thunderstorms form when warm and moist and cold and dry fronts collide to create **atmospheric** instability, a process that can't be replicated by shooting radio waves into the **ionosphere**. Most importantly, however, aren't these fucking morons not aware that tornadoes/hurricanes/earthquakes/floods, etc. ALREADY EXISTED LONG BEFORE HAARP's construction in 1993?  Some people also like to mention that governments are using chemtrails to control the weather. First of all, yes, cloud seeding is a real thing. However there's literally no proof that it works, and an accurate test with a proper scientific control would be virtually impossible to run due to the fact that the Earth's weather constantly changes anyway. Also, to create a storm with a consistently rotating updraft or a tropical depression with a ""chemtrail"" or an aircraft is simply not possible. That's like saying that running in circles in your front yard is going to cause a tornado to form. Lastly, I mentioned this with HAARP, but natural disasters ALREADY EXISTED long before cloud seeding was even conceived.  Another thing is that people keep blaming all natural disasters on man made climate change. I can somewhat tolerate the climate change argument overall, but when you're using natural disasters to push your bullshit climate change political agenda, just no. FUCKING STOP IT WITH THAT SHIT. It's impossible to link one single natural disaster event with climate change. Some could say that it's about the frequency of disasters, more tornadoes for example. If that really is the case and man made climate change is resulting in more tornadoes, then why was 2018 one of the least active tornado years on record? Yes, the Earth's climate does change over time and weather changes all the time; thus, you simply can't say that a change in the frequency of natural disasters is the result of man made climate change, because the next year or season could be inactive by comparison.  &amp;#x200B;  TL;DR? I make absolutely no claims that I'm an expert in any way, and you're free to believe whatever the hell you want, but please. DON'T MAKE ANY CLAIMS THAT **YOU'RE** AN EXPERT IF YOU THINK THAT NATURAL DISASTERS ARE CREATED BY THE GOVERNMENT, OR IF YOU THINK THAT CLIMATE CHANGE IS RESPONSIBLE FOR A FEW SMALL TORNADOES IN NEW JERSEY!"	2
"So climate change deniers are denying science. With proven facts and figures to show that the climate is really changing.   So with that being said, because they deny science they should be barred from science as a whole. Not use science in any way because they are denying the science. I.e; no electricity, phones, clean water, cars, etc, etc. Because all of that at some point has used science to develop said examples.  Wouldn't that all of a sudden make a huge difference in them making them think ""oh shit"", science has made my life so much simpler than what it could be but oh no. I get to pick and choose what I want to believe in regards to science.  Jesus holier than christ, you can either accept science 100% or choose not to. And by not believing in it, you can't use it.  It would make everyone want to help fix the world so much faster and easier. Knowing that the deniers of the world, would believe, and thus the resolution to fix global warming and any other crap going on in the world would be resolved a whole lot faster than that than they normally would. "	2
Period.	2
Climate change is real and it’s happening. If you do not know this fact by now it is your fault that you’re unaware. You don’t get to “disagree” with this fact anymore. Start shaming people who do this. How stupid would someone look if they disagreed that the sun rose in the East? Billions of tons of ice melted in Greenland in one day. Europe is experiencing its highest temperatures in the history of recorded temperature. Google it. Don’t only Google the truthfulness but also read into the effects.   While I’m at it, also stop debating what the “precise right fix for climate change is.” Meet this topic with a swift “shut the fuck up.” Instead of coming up with the exact correct action do all of the actions. This isn’t something we can gamble with. I typically hate using metaphors because they over simplify complex topics but the target audience of this rant is simply not understanding it so here I go. The house is on fire. Don’t stand around and debate if we should use the fire extinguisher or call the fire department. Do both.	2
" I don't mean to imply that I don't believe in climate change or climate science etc. Of course I do, the evidence is overwhelming. But I absolutely loathe and despise when I see regular people saying ""humanity is a disease, we killed the planet/ we're killing the planet, we are literally the worst"" bitch, who the fuck is ""we""?   WE didn't do a goddamn thing and I'm tired of being blamed for something I did not do. It's capitalism, it's the rich &amp; their all consuming greed that has done this to our species. THEY'VE harmed us all. What say did any of us regular people get in regards to rain water being undrinkable? Yeah I totally remember us all pitching in to create the great ocean garbage patch /s  It's bullshit and I'm so sick of regular people being blamed for the actions of a greedy few. Just 100 companies are responsible for the current condition of our planet. You and I could drive hummers everywhere every day of our lives and never produce as much CO2 as them.   ""Well regular people work at those corporations, so they're responsible too!"" Regular people like you and me don't always have the luxury of not working at the town's only factory. They're trying to get by and feed their families, meanwhile the people at the top literally only care about profits.   So I guess what I'm trying to say here is, stop taking credit for the mistakes of the rich. They got us either not believing in this shit or taking the guilt/fall for it, and it's stupid. Let them take the blame for once.  Eta: feel free to screenshot or share if you so wish. I don't really care about being credited. Thanks  2nd edit: in reply to about 80% of the comments: [here](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/036/647/Screen_Shot_2021-03-01_at_2.28.39_PM.png)"	2
This world is batshit. Racism, misogyny, homophobia, police shootings, climate change, the 1%, pandemics, wars, bills and so on and so on.  If I had the choice, why would I want to bring someone into that? I’ve only been on this earth for 25 years and I don’t even know how I made it this far. How did my great grandparents live so long??   If God was like, “You ready to go?” I’d be packing my bags right now.  I can’t fathom my kids as stressed out about living as much as I am.  People say, “it gets better with age.” Yet, my grandmother is alone and stressed out about money all the time. And she’s like 70.   People say, “Just keep going.” GOING WHERE?! Where are we really going? Into complete chaos. That’s where.  Point being, I love my unborn kids too much to let them be born.  EDIT: wow thanks everyone who told me about r/antinatalism &amp; r/childfree. Never knew those subs existed. I feel less crazy  EDIT 2: Adoption is a great option! My point is about creating more kids, not about raising kids that’s already here.	2
Oh yea. The rich. Monopolization. Greedflation and shrinkflation. Climate change. Fuck capitalism. End rant. 	2
Not to mention I can’t even afford to buy a home, raise a family, or even die in this godforsaken country.	2
Sorry but how is this even possible?? How can they step outside and think that this isn’t different from 20 years ago? I am also going to college for climate studies and it feels like a huge slap in the face that even the people closest to me don’t care about something so critical. I don’t get how people like them can see thousands of scientific articles and think “nah.” If you don’t believe in climate change, you are a huge moron. 	2
"I'm of the opinion that any belief is okay unless it promotes harm. you do you. I don't care what your religion or political beliefs are except when they make you violent or control every aspect of your life. I don't even care if you believe the earth's flat, besides you'll never be smart enough to be in outer space anyways. But if your beliefs make you deny knowledge that essential to the survival of our species, has mountains of evidence to back it up, and a 95% consensus among the scientific community (people who are much more qualified than you are on the subject), then don't be surprised when people angrily call you an idiot on a regular basis.   &amp;#x200B;  Maybe instead of creating your own personal reality where you and your facebook friends are the only ***woke*** people in a massive herd of *sheeple*, maybe consider, if just for a second that maybe you don't know anywhere near as much as you think you do, and you're the one being who's being taken advantage of by egotistical CEOs and government officials who don't care about what could happen in the future and only care about money? But of course, how could someone with such *towering intellect* and the *encyclopedic knowledge* that you got from two dodgy websites that are written entirely in comic sans be *wrong?!* After all, what's the worst that could happen? It's not like rising sea levels could submerge key parts of the world's economy underwater right? It's not like treating the planet as our own personal garbage bin can cause mass extinctions and completely ruin the ecosystem and our food sources in the process right? It's not like our herd immunity can drop so low that a previously eradicated disease in the USA can come back to infect its most iconic city? Oh wait... that happened.  &amp;#x200B;  It's time to fucking stop, stop contributing to these ""movements"" and dragging well meaning although gullible people into the cesspool along with you. Because even if your actions don't matter in the long run, don't underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups"	2
I'm tired of everyone talking the change but we arent talking about killing people  and that we need and should eliminate  people by at least 1/3 I know that sounds bad but for fuck sakes china america china  any.  Country over 100m needs to cull their population  seriously!!!	2
Bitches it’s in the goddamn 80s in fucking October and we ain’t exactly in Florida!!! This is not weird to you assholes? We’ve broken temperature records almost every month and this is looking to be another one. What the fuck? I hate you motherfuckers. I’m not exactly granola up in here, I like my meat and modern medicine and average life not in a hippie caravan, but goddamn it’s getting fucking ridiculous. Every year in the winter we used to get at least one snow that stuck (more when I was younger), and we didn’t get any last year. I know it’s a petty reason to actually give a fuck about climate change but fall is my favorite season and it’s too hot to enjoy it. It’s to hot for the leaves to fall. It’s too hot to wear the clothes I like. It’s too hot for bonfires. It’s too hot for cider. It’s too hot for everything I liked about fall!  Also this shit ruined my favorite part of summer too! PEACHES! They got all fucked up! Ugh I can’t put up with this shit for the rest of my life. Please for the love of all things good in this shithole world, give up on the goddamn coal industry (it’s never coming back the way it was and it will never provide as many jobs as it once did), give up on compensating for your tiny dick and drive something that gets more than 10 miles to the gallons and doesn’t blow smoke everywhere (that’s the only thing it’s for if you don’t work on a farm), and give half a shit your energy use (it’s cheaper I swear). 	2
I’m afraid people will not accept it as the truth until it is far too late. And I get it. Even if we beat climate change, how would a person know if it existed in the first place? Everything seemed fine before and now it’s basically the same. Now we just have electric cars and solar panels. Only when the oceans rise and their homes are underwater will they understand the devastation of climate change. And by that time it will be too late.	2
I’m really sick of opening Reddit and getting a bloody anxiety attack. It’s not so much the articles themselves that bother me but the comments that follow.  You people are so fucking defeatist it’s depressing. Are you sure you’re for fighting climate change? Because I’m struggling to find any comments that mention innovations or propose solutions- and when I do it’s immediately followed with some cunt saying ‘yeah but even if we do that it’s going to take decades to change and it’s a drop in the ocean compared to what corporations put out’.   WELL THEN FUCK IT RIGHT?  Who the fuck are you to affirm we are absolutely fucked? Like me you’re some dumb bastard who googles a lot. You’re not the person who is inventing renewable energy, creating more easily broken down plastics or part of programs that regrow coral.   You’re not a fucking scientist, and if you are then get the fuck off Reddit and make a difference in the world.  I get that we have to be realistic about the situation but if you’re going to shit all over someone’s hope then you better have a solution.	2
"I am young. I will likely live for around 66 more years, and during that period the global temperature could increase by 4.0°C.  But that's just a number.  I've never seen a coral reef, and maybe I never will because they're dissolving at an alarming rate! But that's just coral reefs. The climate is going to change dramatically, too: extreme weather, desertification, rising sea levels and melting icecaps (that will only make the problem worse, because snow has a high albedo and reflects a high percentage of the sunlight that hits it, leading to a cooling effect; with that gone, shit only gets worse). The El Nino/La Nina cycle is shifting in favour of El Nino events (the hot ones), hurricanes are occurring more frequently, and the world's fresh water reserves are depleting as glaciers melt.  Not to mention the immense amount of non-biodegradable trash circulating in the ocean, or the fact that the pesticides we have used in the past and the ones we continue to use today have a massive negative impact on our pollinators.  I'm probably going to see a war over water at some point in my life because, collectively, humans are selfish assholes with no foresight.  And then we'll all be dead. And the world will be all the better for it. Mother Nature will wear away at human constructions and fabrications until few traces of our destructive species remain on this abused planet.  We should have changed our ways when the first reports came in that we were fucking shit up. When the consensus was reached that yes, the excess emissions that humans generate are changing our environment, the world should have fucking listened and *done something*. Sure, some people changed their ways, or at least made an effort. But most people just sat on their asses the same as before and said ""Oh, how unfortunate!"" and then moved on to the next sensation. The corporations put the responsibility on the consumer and continued to care more about profit margins than the future of humanity. And nothing. Fucking. Changed.  But I guess energy and chemical manufacturing (hell, manufacturing of any kind) has always been profitable, so in the face of knowledge that discourages production, ignorance is going to be the most profitable route.  Well, at least in the short term: you can't make money when literally everyone is dead! Eat that, capitalism!"	2
   There's a lot to get from here:  \-when we somehow even persuade government enough to reduce CO2 and climate change gets better, people would say it a hoax. If it wouldn't get better, people would say what they do is useless.  \-when climate change is there, countries will try to blame each other without looking at oneself.  \-through crisis instead of helping each other we just bring the worst of ourselves out, hoarding necessity, one for oneself while the radical behaviour and conspiracy theories just pop up everywhere.  \-whatever happens, people would like to just go back to normal without changing lifestyle	2
This is the first time I’ve ever seen this sub, so I hope I’m not breaking any rules or anything.   I cannot believe that there are idiots out there who don’t believe in climate change! People a thousand times smarter than them AND me all agree that humans are changing the earth, but then the dumbasses are just like, nah we can’t do that it’s too big. WTF DO YOU MEAN! We were with out a doubt the most influential species on the damn planet and that’s before we even made FIRE! We have done nothing but change the world for what we want and this is the world getting back at us for being so selfish! I understand that it’s hard to think that one single person can change the world, but 7 billion! They see humans as small in the eyes of a religious figure so they just assume that we’re not capable of something bigger than ourselves.   Not believing in something when there factual evidence and millions of people with PHDs and Doctorates, or even the people who went to college, backing it up with evidence and reason is just plain stupidity. How about I just say that you love sticking a needle in your eye. And when I try and stab your eye with a needle you say that you clearly don’t like that because it would fucking hurt and it’s scary. Seems reasonable right? Well how about I just keep trying to stick a needle in your eye because I still think you love it so much that it makes you cum instantly. THAT is how I feel when someone even mentions that they don’t believe in climate change.   Whenever some one mentions it my heart drops and I instantly want to remove that person from my life forever, Desert them on an the rest of the world can live happily knowing that that idiot can’t vote.   My fucking dad went nuts after my mom divorced him and I’m glad that I can choose not to see him. I’m also glad that I got away from him and his stupid lies and conspiracy theory’s about A.) the moon landing. B.) the climate change. and C.) THE FUCKING HOLOCAUST!  The worst part of this is that my older brother still lives with him and he’s not much of a critical thinker, so once he hears something, that’s the truth for him forever. My dads been telling him so much garbage about government lies and shit like that. It’s not my brothers fault, it’s my dad and I wish he would just be normal!	2
I 41F have two kids 8F and 5M. I hate being a parent. I hate pretty much every aspect of it. They fuck up your sleep, they cause problems in the morning, they never know what they want to eat, they can never find their clothes or shoes, when they do find their clothes and shoes they don’t like them. If you do things for them, they get mad because they wanted to do them themselves. And if you don’t do things for them, they get mad because they want you to do things for them.  Yes, there is some joy in parenting. I like teaching them about life. Hugs and kisses and cuddles are great. But fuck it. I had all kinds of greatness in my life without kids and think my life would be better now without them. The joy of Christmas morning is bullshit. All it does is cause problems because they don’t want to clean up wrapping paper or they fight over the toys they got or you and your husband fight over the process of Christmas. In-laws are 1000% more problematic when you have kids.   And for all you people that are gonna bitch at me because it was my choice to have kids. Yes, it was. I knew that it would be hard. I knew that it would be stressful. I figured I could handle it. Well I guess I can’t.   Or, more accurately, I can. I am handling it. They are healthy and happy and life goes on. But I’m fucking angry all the time.  Edit: I’m hearing this way too often. I do not hate my children. I never said I hate my children. I sometimes hate being a parent. These are incredibly different.  Also, it’s not a constant thing.  Edit 2: I have an 8 year old girl and a 5 year old boy. Not a 5 month old.	1
I'm someone who believes in climate change and is invested on improving the worlds overall health. But my fucking GOD it is impossible to have any sort of productive discussion about this at all.  &amp;#x200B;  On the one hand, you have overzealous supporters of this. I was watching a debate about climate change on youtube. Both sides of the debate seemed to agree, however one side was a lot more skeptical of how we can go about improving it without making the problem worse.  I scroll through the comments and it's just infuriating to read. It's like they listened to every fourth word he said. But it's as if people think that if you're even vaguely skeptical of how to go about it, you're a science denying, ignorant wacko who literally doesn't know anything about anything.  &amp;#x200B;  For example. During the debate they were talking about wind and solar and how it's unreasonable to think this will solve our energy demands. Because it literally won't. But just comment after comment after comment screaming about how that's a total lie, how it's anti science or just misrepresenting the entire argument. I mean it's literally like these people heard every third word he said and they defend it like a Christian defending god. As if climate change solutions are just beyond reproach and all solutions will work no matter what.  &amp;#x200B;  And then of course you have on the other than the deniers who, like some of the supporters, hear about every third word and claim it's all a hoax and none of it real and how because it was cold today the world will literally never get a degree warmer for the next million or so years.  &amp;#x200B;  No god damn wonder we haven't found a solution. Both sides of the argument defend it like religious zealots and act as if they opponents are A. immoral, B. literally so retarded they can't do simple addition or C. both. One of the things that annoys me the most is this association of morality with climate change. It really just cements both sides into their corners when you stick your nose up at people.   &amp;#x200B;  It really does annoy the living hell out of me. Both sides act like such irrational crazy idiots sometimes it's no wonder progress is so slow. And just to be clear again, before someone inevitably says it, I'm not a filthy centrist on this issue, I am in complete 100% support of climate change. However climate science is not without its problems, not because scientists are lying but because the climate of the entire globe tends to be a very challenging thing to account for and predict. And if people continue to act as if Climate Science is somehow infallible and beyond criticism we are never, ever going to reach the goal of sustainability.	2
"Fuck you. This is an issue that effects every single human being on the planet and needs to be something we're on top of and tackling right now. It's simply not good enough to prattle on about how you've got to ignore global warming to stay competetive or to say how investing in green tech curtails your ""freedom."" It's a deeply deeply selfish and ignorant view point, and people seem to think that if they can some how keep denying the truth until they get what they want that somehow they've won and they've proved something. The sad truth is is that when these people ""win"" we all lose. All they are doing is ruining the quality of future generations lives, putting billions of people at risk of climate related catastophies and severely harming the natural world.   If you're a climate change denier or someone who just doesn't care. Just remember that that attitude you're holding onto in your hearts may be the thing that causes the most human suffering in the next hundred years. "	2
	0
	2
Stop burning dead shit and then tell us how you can get the country and the world to stop fucking up the place. God damn. Got it Democratic presidential candidates!? Get a fucking clue.	2
Fuck you Scott Morrison, fuck you Gladys Berejiklian, fuck you to all those who chose profit over the land we owe ourselves to, fuck you to all of you who have let this happen.  It's not fire season yet, it shouldn't be burning like this until January. This is not just some fluke, this is the fault of politicians lining their pockets and ignoring all the facts.  I have friends who are unable to get out of their town because fires have cut off the roads even though they should be evacuated. My best mate was in hospital for three days because the smoke inhalation triggered her asthma. I didn't know if I would be able to see my dad this weekend because of the fires were surrounding both his ways out. I had to steal an athma puffer from the first aid kit at work because my mum cant breathe to the point that she is stuck in bed. This is not right for where I live and especially not in November.  And what makes me angriest of all is none of these people that I love so dearly have got the worst of these entirely preventable fires. Nobody has lost a house, nobody has been burnt, we are just the minor casualties while others are losing everything they own, people they love, their livelihoods. Everything.  In the two decades I've been alive I have seen the country I love deteriorate before my eyes. The open cut mines where I grew up scarring the earth.  My friends on the western Australian coast scared they could eventually lose their house to erosion and rising tides.  Watching the Murry darling get emptier and dustier every time I visited my gran.  My grandfather's property burning down.  The town where my mum grew up being so drought stricken it's nearly abandoned.  The lake I used to swim in being too poisonous to go near.  More plastic washing up on my secret beaches in Benboyd.  Watching my beloved blue mountain get trampled by invasive species, my little coroboree frog friends are going extinct, the yellow footed rock wallabies no longer hanging out on the rocks I used to see them at, seeing more Brumbies than fucking POSSUMS sometimes when I head out bush!  I'm so fucking angry. How dare you kill my home, everyone's home. Fuck all of you who have poisoned the outback that raised me, the mountains I love, the river that we rely on to live all in the name of wealth. Your greed is immeasurable, you fund the mining and make cuts to science, you paint country folks as the ignorant bogans but they aren't and they have the most to lose our of everyone. It's only now that Sydney is in danger that you even bother to notice. That is, Mr Morrison, when you aren't too busy plugging to cricket.  You choose instant gratification for you and your mates over the survival of the country you are meant to serve, the country that trusted you and elected you.  I hate you. I hate you all so fucking much.	2
Really these people annoy the shit out of me. The whole debate is complicated enough, without asshats hijacking the idea to push their own skewed, shitty agenda.  Yes eating a bit less meat might help out a bit. What about the 30-40% of food WE SIMPLY WASTE? Can't we tackle that first?  Cherry picking the shit out of the facts to push your 'I'm vegan so we should ALL be vegan! Meat is murder!111!!!1!!' agenda just pisses everyone off.   Go right ahead, ignore the fact there simply isn't enough arable land to support every human to come on plant protein. Ignore the fact that cattle consume arable waste and turn it into good protein. Ignore the fact that the majority of water waste in cattle farming is just that - waste, which could be dealt with much better.  Ignore the fact that tons and tons of fertiliser and chemicals hits our land to keep the flow of plant matter coming in.  It is all about making us feel guilty and change OUR habits so the real climate criminals have to do fuck all about it. We're all recycling and cutting back now. What the fuck has happened about large scale generation, deforestation, coal burners etc. Fuck all that's what - but don't let that make you feel any less guilty for having a bit of steak for your dinner.	2
"I'm located in Sand Springs OK, a little suburb of Tulsa. I expect it to be hot, obviously it's Oklahoma, but its pushing 110°F for the next 10 days, and its been like this for weeks! I've never been so compelled to bitch about the weather but this fucking shit sucks ass! Should I be concerned? Is it just gonna be super fucking hot every day? Is there an end in sight?! Fuck!  *I am aware of climate change and global warming and how very real they are. This post isn't fucking political. My only intention in writing this is to express my current disdain for this motherfukin heat.  **It's comical and just a little-bit sad that so many people still need further clarification on something so simple. Here it goes- Although my rant seem like a genuine question at first glance, I am not wanting any answers or expecting any advice. My question is actually ""rhetorical"" and it is simply a statement expressing my personal feelings on the fucking gross weather that is over-staying it's welcome where I live. I do apologize for the confusion. Here is a simplified version of the original post that is not so tricky...  &gt;&gt;It's been fucking hot, it's still fucking hot and I expect it to stay fucking hot a bit longer. I'm personally not super happy about any of that."	2
This is just something that I wanted to let go of for a little while, so maybe if I just write it down and see what others think about all this I can finally make myself at peace.  Recently there has been a number of posts about the melt down lakes in Arctica or some other general statements about how we suck on maintaining this planet and how the climate is going to fuck us eventually. I am no denier whatsoever and would love to see the world led by the men of science, however all of this is just so tiresome for me. Hear me out.  I know these are all genuine intention behind all of those statements: - To care about the environment and the planet - To recycle - To switch from plastic to some other environment friendly materials - To stop eating meat because you know how all those animals are being held in all of those food factories and how it is cruel - To generally just stop fricking buying anything because this just enhances the current situation where we emit too much of the CO2 and the temperature will kill all the life  But I can’t really stop myself from thinking that this is just too much and I really stop caring as much as I think I should. I am somewhat bound to work within this system, where you have to work full time to provide for yourself and your family (and we are expecting our child to be born in the next week and I suppose this is another thing that can be brought to the list “how can you bring a child upon this horrible world”) and at times I don’t seem to be able to stay all focused and muster the extra energy to care about everything.   I keep think about all the work system, that people just generally work too much, that it has been already proven that we are not 100% efficient during the 8 hours a day work, and it could be 4 hours or 5 hours and we would be equally effective if not more actually. Perhaps this would introduce the extra time to do all the social work, and care about the society and the planet, because in my belief people are trying to fill the void, so given the extra time they would want to be more productive or actually feel “needed”.   Well, I can see all this extra time can be also wasted on playing video games or watch irrelevant tv shows (which I enjoy doing as well), but hmm perhaps these are the starting conditions for some people (me included probably) to even start thinking about how to help this world heal.  For now, if I hear another “you should care more about this or about that” I just feel personally attacked like “oh alright, so this is another thing that I’m doing shitty” “ah ok, this is another thing that I should be doing differently” “oh ok so I suck at this as well and this world is going to ruin because of my actions”. I just don’t feel like we, regular folks, are the ones in power to change all those things. Sure we can be the examples of how to act and how to live a ‘greener life’, but at the same time you have this cruiser dumping all the waste into the ocean, company being fined with 20 something millions of dollars, and as some guy checked, this probably won’t make any difference because they already make so much money out of this that they will gladly pay the fine and apologise for the incident. I know this “I won’t care, because bigger than me do not care so there is no point and I, alone, won’t make a change” attitude is not great, but really.. how can we? If there were some restrictions introduced by the governments, then people would have to obey and this would be much easier than just “oh I have to remember this is bad so I will choose a different option”. If it’s bad and wrong why leave it as an option? Why is it legal to produce plastic bottles? For the moment I know it’s bad for the environment, but I am sure that tomorrow and next week I will buy some more of them anyway.  I am also aware that these are all poor excuses not to try harder and perhaps if I already see the extra time being a problem, then why don’t I just raise my qualification, so I can earn more and then reduce my worktime and be useful in other ways (i.e. help the planet not to die). I am doing that, getting proper education and all that, thinking of other ways of income, so I could serve some more by making Earth more habitable.  My girlfriend is saying that I am just paying too much attention to it and digging much deeper than needed, instead of just doing my best (even if those are little things), and that those are basically my emotions concerning the subject that I don’t seem to cope with very well.  I quit watching news some time ago and I am actually better off of it (however still browsing reddit so different information get to you still), because in my opinion these are all sad, tragic stories about some people in distant lands which I do not care about (I can see the misery and it is truly sad that people suffer, but cmon how can I feel all the pain for the harm that is done around the globe), and it is already met with statements like “oh you don’t follow politics or the news, what kind of a guy are you? You don’t know what is happening around you!”  I don’t want to ignore all the climate change stuff but the information exposure is just too much sometimes.  That would be about an end of it.  PS. I am not a horrible person.  TL;DR Being tired of all the news and information about the world going to shit and how people just suck at living on this planet.	2
Yknow why Gen Z is so depressed? Why mental health is suddenly so much worse?  It's because we don't have a fucking future. Boomers had a future. Gen X had a future. Millenials were at least promised a future. We don't even get that.   We get to look out the window and watch as fascism overtakes the nation, climate change is slowly making the planet uninhabitable, jobs are paying less and less, we get to watch rent go up and up. We'll never own homes.  Hell, we'll be lucky if we ever even get to retire.  So shut the fuck up about Gen Z being horrible, we're trying to survive in a world that prior generations fucked up for us. Thanks.	2
If you’re a Christian and don’t think the oceans can rise because of what the fucking bible says, you don’t know your bible very well. I really don’t have to argue this because the bible is a fucking myth anyway, but Genesis 9:11 says God won’t destroy the Earth with a flood again, meaning the WHOLE Earth. Even with your myth, the oceans can still rise and cause MASSIVE flooding on coasts but still not destroy the WHOLE Earth. It would just be very bad for everything living on land.	2
Yeah, it's a Covid rant.    We're at the point where basically everyone who gets hospitalized for it is unvaccinated.  The rest of us, the responsible people, got the shot, wear the masks, socially distance, everything we're supposed to.  Once everyone who wants the shot has the shot, then everything else is just protecting the pro-plague cunts.  The masks, the social distancing, the constant slathering of disinfectants across every surface, the face shields, the isolation, it's all so that Bubba and Karen won't die from the completely preventable plague that they deny the existence of.    I'm tired of doing shit to protect people who choose not to vaccinate.  Let them die.  Stack the corpses, torch the bodies, and move on.  The people who don't want the shot are the same people holding us back as a society and as a species.  The Venn diagram of anti-vaxxers, climate change deniers, white nationalists, homophobes, and the Psychotic Right-Wing has so much overlap that it's just a fucking circle.    Let them fucking die, so we can get on with fixing the problems they've been making.	2
I just see so much shit online about how “climate change isn’t real” when it IS and it’s so fucking frustrating. I want my future children and their children to have a clean/ peaceful planet but they won’t be able to.	2
I get it's mostly trolls, but seriously, what do you get out of it? Science article that talks about 'new species discovered' and you have someone commenting 'oh and we discover new genders all the time'. or, news about awesome discovery scientists made someone 'oh but it's too bad we still can't tell that climate change is a hoax'. like fuck you. just enjoy this article or get out. you are a bigger propaganda machine than the ones you complain about.	1
"Let me just clarify: there's nothing wrong with being religious. Where I draw the line is how people are using religion to attempt to disprove or deny factual, scientifically proven occurrences like climate change by writing it off as brainwashing and political propaganda.  I saw some climate change denier yesterday saying that God created Earth 6000 years ago, that none of us understand the weather and that we're all being brainwashed by propaganda and hate. I then, in a civil manner, provided him with evidence proving his statements false, answering questions he had like ""how is farts from cows man-made climate change?"" and providing facts like how we are supposed to be on the verge of another ice age, meaning that temperatures should hypothetically be decreasing. He then responds to me saying that I'm part of a religion of political propaganda and that I don't understand how the weather works because I don't understand how God created the Earth in 6 days.  I'm so fucking sick of these people. Climate change is fucking real and there's no disproving it. Believe in God, Jesus, whoever you want but don't go forcing it on other people and blocking out the fucking facts."	2
"I'm 42 with a wife and two teenage daughters. I have lived in Austin, Texas since '99. Really love it here EXCEPT that ever since I moved here, the heat of the summer gets more unbearable Every. Single. Year. It's always some combination of: starts earlier, is more intense/hotter, ends later - and often times it's all three!  Yes, yes, I know that northern winters can be brutal - but I've experienced that and in my opinion, I'm fine with it. You can always put more layers on when it's cold. You cannot ""take more layers off"" or ""wear"" cooling. Shoveling walks and driveways is a small penance to pay for being able to GO OUTSIDE from June - September and not be immediately drenched in sweat and in danger of passing out. Not to mention the constant droughts, burn bans, and drying up bodies of water.  It's past the point of tolerable and we've collectively decided as a family that we are leaving. Once my kids graduate high school we are moving up north - probably somewhere near the Great Lakes as that is supposed to have a moderating affect on climate change in the decades to come. If we could go now we would, but the kids need to finish school in Austin. I hope that we can get out before the mass migrations northward begin, because I anticipate many families that live in the south will make the same choice and the price of moving north is going to start going way up in the next decade or two.  I'm so disappointed that we have to do this. My dad was a religious talk radio / Rush Limbaugh listener growing up and I remember hearing all about how Global Warming wasn't real as I was driven around in the family car.  Well guess what Dad? It was real. It was real and it's too late to do a fucking thing about it - now all we can do is prepare for the impacts. You and Mom will have to move to a completely different part of the country in your old age if you want to be anywhere near your grandkids. Could my parents, individually, have done anything to make even the slightest dent in climate change? No. But because of people like them, who were more interested in *not listening to those evil liberals* than they were in safeguarding planet Earth for their children and grandchildren, here we are."	2
	2
"I'm sick of the moon landing deniers, covid-19 deniers, anti-vaccines, flat-earthers, climate change deniers, Qanon, etc.   I recently had a discussion with anti-vaccines relatives and it is incredible to see that atrocities are said such as that the covid vaccine turns you into a ""magnet"" or that it makes you ""infertile"".   When I have asked them for evidence to prove their arguments; I have been told that ""real scientists are humiliated"" and ""afraid"" to tell the truth by losing their job. So I asked them what they thought about the 90% of doctors and scientists who don't believe in the anti-vaccine movement, and they said they are ""paid"" by ""them"".   How is it even possible to argue with someone who distrusts everything and everyone?"	2
Over the course of 4 hours the same two boomers first made it a point to repeatedly mention how much smarter I am than them and how much they were learning from me through conversation.  Then after a while and after the topic of conversation shifted to climate change they both repeatedly called me stupid and my points bullshit for disagreeing with them. They were both arguing that there is no human made climate change.  How do they not choke on the cognitive dissonance of first calling me basically one of the smartest people they know and then acting like I am stupid as soon as I disagree with them?  I call it Schrodingers intelligence. Whether you are smart or dumb depends on whether you agree or disagree with me.  It's so exhausting.	2
"We all know climate change is wrecking our shit. Even deniers know it on the inside, they just don't want to admit they are wrong. We have a mess on our hands and it needs cleaned; we have a responsibility to make it happen.   I'm aware that it's a handful of companies causing most of our carbon emissions and things won't change until they stop. What we can do is implement laws that force them to pay for those emissions, force them to operate clearly. ""Like that'll ever happen"" is what too many people on here say and yeah, those companies love that attitude. As long as we keep naysaying any proposed solutions, not voting or even participating in politics directly (especially local politics) then shit won't change. I have only the highest respect for individuals out there fighting for the change we need, even if that means it inconveniences others.   I think we're all sick of the record breaking heat and extreme weather every year. We need to take that anger we feel to push for change. I plan on one day running for mayor for my city because I want to make us green and climate proof it. I feel we owe it to our children and their children."	2
There’s riots, racism ,LGBTQ crap, canceling people and nobody is really focusing on REAL WORLD issues. Stop complaining about your stimulus check and how senior politicians in adult diapers are telling you to ward a mask Karen. Get a life. Focus on climate change instead of Kanye and Kim crap that’s been going on for as long as the age of the universe. Climate change and world hunger a poverty is an issue, and when politicians say,  “ WeRE goNNa Fix IT,” all they’re doing is trying to capitalize on products and campaigns. Seriously, we need to get it together. No wonder aliens don’t want to visit.	2
