Text	Stance
I'm tired of being blamed for climate change as a consumer	2
If we should blame anyone for the lack of action on Climate Change, it should be Greenpeace.	2
Climate Change being considered a Politics topic instead of a Science topiç is part of the problem and helps sabotage any discussions on it	2
The way to fix climate change is making it a pissing contest.	2
Your average Joe doesn't have to reduce his carbon footprint and aid against climate change until big corporations and governments start trying.	2
People who don't like nuclear energy aren't serious about fighting climate change	2
Not enough people are taking climate change seriously, and it's terrifying.	2
Climate Change needs to stop being a political thing. It’s a scientific reality that needs to be taken seriously, and politics just get in the way of us fixing it.	2
Climate change doesn't get taken seriously because it's horribly marketed.	2
I Do Not Care About Climate Change	0
Stop calling people who talk about climate change depressing	2
Everyone wants climate change to stop but nobody wants to actually change their lifestyle.	2
People are too Lazy to fight climate change	2
I think climate change is real AND I'm not too bothered about it	2
Climate change is inevitable. There is an absolute zero chance of reaching the goal of net zero. I say this with 100% certainty	2
If you believe Climate Change is the most important issue facing the world but you don't support nuclear energy then you probably don't really care about Climate Change as much as you think you do	2
"99% of the people who preach about climate change are doing nothing personally to combat it. Most of them have carbon footprint many times the average person's, yet the ""activists"" don't bother calling them on it."	2
Being scared of climate change is dumb...	0
I shouldn’t have to go out of my way to combat climate change when there are billionaires who produce more CO2 in a year than I do in my lifetime	2
Renewable Energy is not the solution to Climate Change.	2
Nuclear power will save us from climate change	2
"Blaming ""ordinary"" people for climate change is wrong"	2
There won't be a technological cure that reverts climate change	2
"People who constantly just say ""the planet is fucked"" and ""climate change will kill us all"" without thinking or envisioning any kind of real solution are annoying cry babies."	2
This is just a practice apocalypse. Climate change will be much worse.	2
When it comes to climate change, governments should care way less about keeping everyone happy and just take action.	2
90% of the kids going on strikes about climate change don't actually care about climate change.	2
Climate change deniers are worse than flat earthers	2
Climate change deniers are equally anti-science as flat earthers, but are significantly more dangerous.	2
Climate Change is a Religious Cult	0
Protesting on Climate Change would be better if it focused on China, USA and India rather than smaller countries like the UK.	2
Nuclear power is the only viable answer to climate change.	2
Celebrities like Leonardo DiCaprio is making climate change worse by indirectly promoting slacktivism about climate change	2
Climate change is real, but it isn't going to lead to our demise, or even close.	2
Climate change culture is becoming a cult	0
Why people refuse to talk about veganism when discussing climate change	2
Every time politicians ask us how we're going to pay to stop climate change, we should ask them how they will pay to deal with the consequences of climate change.	2
Electric cars will not solve climate change.	2
We are not going to reverse climate change	2
I hate when people attribute every natural disaster to climate change	2
Even if you don't believe in man made climate change, there is no reason, to undermine people's effort to lower greenhouse gases emission	2
The Climate Change movement isn’t about saving the planet, it’s about saving our species	2
The politicization of Climate Change is a leading cause of Climate Change	0
Green growth won’t help with climate change	2
Investing in Index funds contributes to climate change.	2
One can agree climate change is real and disagree on your bullshit lunatic solutions.	2
Climate Change activism is pure BS	0
Climate change has been blown out of proportion, we can't actually measure our impact on climate change.	0
I support climate change.	2
Saying that you or someone is “raising awareness” for climate change is stupid and annoying	2
No, the California wildfires are not “caused” by climate change.	2
"The opinion that ""Companies are responsible fro climate change"" is being used as an easy out to continue to be overconsumers."	2
Climate change is real, but it's effects are overblown	2
People are too obsessed with climate change and not real issues at hand.	2
Climate change deniers are on par with flat earthers	2
Opinions don't matter when the topic involved is backed by overwhelming science. Ie: climate change.	2
Climate change is real, but we shouldn't stop it.	2
There is nothing you can do to fight climate change, animal cruelty and deforestation if you're on the consumer end	2
Veganism is not the solution to climate change	2
Climate change activists are on average no more scientifically literate than climate change deniers	2
Climate Change is bullshit	0
Climate change is not the only problem.	2
Those who think the world will end in 12 years from climate change are just as ignorant as those who deny climate change in general	2
Not believing in climate change is just as bad as believing in flat-earth theory	2
The only way to solve climate change is to depopulate	2
Climate change is not a societal problem.	2
Climate change could be a good thing.	2
Most Americans who complain about climate change wouldn't do what is necessary to fix it.	2
No, Climate change will not destroy the Earth. The Earth is a master of regeneration.	0
Greta Thunberg is so annoying!	2
Climate change is easily fixable but morally reprehensible.	2
"The narrative that we as individuals can ""do our part"" to solve climate change is untrue and dangerous."	2
Denying climate change should be illegal	2
Pole Shift and Climate Change	2
Climate Change isn't controversial, it's a fact	2
Forest fires are primarily due to poor forest management not climate change, and acknowledging this does not make you a climate change denier, or mean you don’t care about climate change!	2
Big name climate change activists don't give a damn about the climate.	2
Climate change is the biggest scam the world has ever known.	0
Climate change is NOT our problem as consumers, and you should not let big corporations guilt trip you into thinking it is.	2
The focus on introducing fully electric cars as an alternative to combustion engines to combat climate change is stupid.	2
Climate change anxiety is real and ironically is being made worse by the people trying to stop climate change.	0
Climate change isn't a problem, human overpopulation is	0
Nuclear Energy is the only solution to climate change	2
Companies DO NOT bear the majority of responsibility for climate change and environmental destruction; people do.	2
Climate Change is Irrelevant!	2
The climate change cult is the most successful brainwashing in modern history.	0
Climate change is not a problem	2
Climate change deniers deserve to be put down.	2
Climate Change biggest reason is human overpopulation.	2
Climate change is not a threat to humanity.	2
If climate change activists believe that climate change is the existential crisis of our time then they should not have pets or children	0
There's a strong anti-science movement on the Left, too.	2
Water management should get more spotlights in climate change	2
We should shut down all fossil fuel usage almost immediately and just deal with the consequences, which will still be less bad than climate change	2
All-star by smash mouth is a cautionary song about climate change.	2
Climate change Armageddonists are only marginally less moronic than climate change deniers	2
Let's relocate climate change denialists to the coast	2
You can't stop climate change.	2
I don't care about climate change.	2
I Do Not Care About Climate Change And I Will Be Taking No Actions To Combat It	2
Fighting climate change is pointless	2
Climate change's biggest activists are the reason people don't believe in it	2
Liberals are much more effective than Conservatives at convincing people that Climate Change is a scam.	2
Climate Change is not a problem.	0
If you belive climate change will end humanity advocate for war with China	2
Climate protesters who block traffic are idiots and they don't care about climate change	2
Climate Change Deniers Aren't a Serious Threat	2
Saying that climate change is going to kill us off is exactly the wrong way to approach the problem	2
"If you block the street and prevent regular working people from getting to work on time in order to protest ""climate change"", you are a piece of garbage."	1
A socialist revolution is the only way to stop climate change.	2
Climate change is rich people's problem	2
Jesus existed and it is the overwhelming consensus of experts. To deny this is on par with vaccine denial or climate change denial	1
Increasing the cost of gas is not going to help climate change.	2
To fight climate change, ban private jets, not gas stoves/heaters	2
guilt over Climate Change seems to have replaced religious guilt among Gen Z	2
Climate Change Is More Important Than Anything Else	2
Anyone who thinks pharmaceutical companies lied about the vaccine should also believe oil companies lied about climate change	2
Trees are not a good solution to climate change	2
I love climate change! It’s been great for some of us.	2
"Anthropogenic ""Climate Change"" is not settled science. It's a merely a theory."	0
Climate change is well-documented and its effects are drastic and worsening	2
As long as India/China doesn’t want to commit western countries will cripple their own economies trying to fight climate change.	2
Adopting nuclear power is the best option we have to beat climate change.	2
Don't let climate change make you hopeless	2
"You cannot eradicate human innovations to ""save"" the planet from climate change."	2
"Calling it ""Climate Change"" was the dumbest things environmentalists ever did."	2
People love speaking about climate change solutions, but stop short of the only meaningful change - fewer humans.	2
Climate Change is real is cheap strawman framing	2
Climate Activists Need to Change Their Message	2
Taking refugees and climate change prevention is a waste of money	2
We might have underestimated how long we had before climate change really affected our society.	2
People who are constantly concerned with climate change very rarely address the impact of population upon the environment.	2
Immigration to first world countries makes climate change worse	2
People who obsess over man made climate change should not be killing lantern flies.	1
The media uses climate change for clicks every 18 months and woke people use it as an excuse to guilt people	1
One definition of insanity is thinking climate change can be stopped/reversed.	2
We shouldn't do anything about climate change	2
Climate change doesn’t really sound as bad as people are making it out to be.	2
Today's society is too worried about climate change and not worried enough about pollution.	2
The fact that the GOP STILL doesn’t have a plan to combat climate change should terrify everyone	2
We’d be better served coping with climate change than trying to reduce/reverse it	2
Is climate change real or is there something else going on.	0
Nobody in power actually cares about climate change, or at least they aren't really acting like it.	2
The “ice cubes in a glass” argument to discredit climate change is yet another example of why debating conservatives is useless	2
The John Calhoun Effect Is Far Worse Than Climate Change.	2
Nuclear power will not stop climate change	2
Climate change isn’t a problem to be solved it’s a reality to be accepted.	2
“Climate Change” is a bunch of bologna and people who subscribe to this myth are starting to give off a cult-like vibe	0
Not taking action on climate change is supporting authoritarianism.	2
Climate Doomers are insufferable	0
Climate change fear is a poor tactic. Preserving resources would be much more effective.	2
Anyone who does not vote with climate change as their foremost concern is worse than a serial killer or pedophile	2
If climate change promotes people in the deep south to move up to the Great Lakes housing discrimination will run rampant.	2
If someone protesting climate change in the road started to get run over….	1
COP28 is a complete scam orchestrated by Oil Rich Arab Sheiks and Sultans to control the climate change narrative..	1
I don’t think we can actually combat climate change while still living in a capitalist society	2
I don't care about climate change	1
US climate change activists put far too much emphasis on the impact of car travel	2
satellites could be causing climate change because they all partially block the sun	2
I don't think the climate changing is really a bad thing and I don't really care about climate change in general.	2
Climate change is likely to be solved simply because it will get so bad that no viable alternatives exist.	2
Scientist Arent Doing Anything To Counteract Climate Change	2
We are solving climate change the best we can, we cannot stop fossils now without causing devastating human suffering	2
When the big contributors to climate change are corporations, we should not expect individuals to change their lifestyles	2
The American Culture War is the stupidest thing that emerged in the post-cold war world and should be totally ignored by non-americans	1
Climate Change Activism Peaked in 2019	2
Not wanting to have kids because of climate anxiety is dumb.	1
I may be wrong, but why hasn’t ANY celebrity even tried to justify flying around the world on a private jet while also campaigning about climate change and reducing everyone’s carbon footprint?	2
The environmental protestors	0
The vegans are right, but I dont care	2
Climate Change is not a threat to humanity at large, and scientists who say otherwise know nothing about human history.	0
It makes sense Jhonny Depp's case has taken more attention than climatic changes	2
Poor People have too Many Kids	2
Farmers Insurance is leaving Florida because there are too many contractor scams. State Farm is leaving California because caps on premiums. Climate change was not a major factor in either of these companies decisions.	1
The notion that we only need to convince a couple hundred billionaires to be more eco-friendly in order to solve climate change is incredibly harmful	2
Humans are killing the planet, but it's ok Earth will heal when we're gone	0
It’s too late to prevent climate change and trying is futile.	2
The reason science and journalism both seem to be left leaning is because the right wing has become detached from reality.	2
The internet is actually making people dumber by giving them a false sense of intelligence	2
The discussion on climate change requires this fresh take. Here is my thousand foot view of a new way to conceptualize humanity’s responsibility toward the environment.	0
Authoritarian/totalitarian regimes are the biggest threat to the planet	2
Climate change is real, but it isn't the humanity ending catastrophe you often hear. The solutions are indeed with clean energy, but that is often tainted by pushing of ideals of Equity.	2
Those who push climate collapse or climate hysteria are in some part responsible for the man who immolated himself today	2
"I generally support the ""just stop oil"" protestors"	2
Vegans are right	2
Socially and environmentally progressive attitudes/ policies are first world problems.	2
All of you people who have kids, including my mom and dad, and yours too, are responsible for massive climate change and lack of resources on our planet right now.	2
Everything is just fine.	0
"The ""scientific consensus"" regarding climate change is MEANINGLESS because the scientific community simply shuns and disparages anyone who disagrees with it."	0
If you really care about climate change, you would have to be pro-abortion and for people having less to no children	2
Just Stop Oil is fine, actually.	2
People who believe that climate change is a serious threat to humanity but still reproduce / plan to reproduce are hypocrites	2
There are no evil corporations or politicians, the average person is just a selfish glutton easily swayed by emotional arguments.	2
America needs to stop building and expanding airports	2
No, The World Is Not Ending.	0
Biden is a great president	2
Joe Biden will go down in history as the greatest president of all time	2
I am fully fuckin doomerpilled on climate change.	2
Just saw a video on TikTok about climate change. Apparently idiots think it isn't real	2
Most celebrities are too out of touch to be talking about politics and climate change!!!	2
The Last Generation Climate Change Activists	2
Fucking robocalls, junk mail, and climate change	2
Climate Change	2
Holy Shit Do Climate Change Deniers Piss Me The Fuck Off	2
Climate change denial	2
We have officially passed the point of no return concerning climate change.	2
Climate change	2
HUMANITY HAS DOUBLE FUCKED ITSELF. CLIMATE CHANGE IS HAPPENING.	2
Just found out both my parents are climate change deniers	2
I’ve given up on climate change	2
climate change	2
We are not bootstrapping our way out of climate change.	2
Climate Change is not f&amp;*ken WWII.	0
Climate Change and people not caring	2
Why does no one care about climate change?	2
I am having a crisis about climate change (socal drought)	2
BOOMERS AND CLIMATE CHANGE	2
Climate change	0
Why Climate Change Skeptics Can’t Change Their Minds	2
God isn’t making the weather really hot one day before fall, that would be climate change. But you conservative evangelicals don’t want to listen to reason.	2
Climate Change Is Real	2
we need to minimize climate change and help the environment but sustainablity-jobs pay shit	2
Climate Change lunatics need to get over their belief in the Climate Change HOAX.	2
Fuck climate change denying idiots	2
Almost no one cares about climate change, including you	2
All those who don't believe in climate change, why do you fight about cleaning up the ocean?? Did it hurt you??	2
You're not helping the climate change debate by blaming EVERYTHING on climate change	2
2020 isn't the anomaly bad year, we all voted for idiots and ignored climate change, this is going to be at least the next decade.	2
Climate Change Denial	2
Global Warming/Climate Change	2
Climate change or Global warming? What’s the fucking difference.	2
"Conservation is hopeless and ""combatting"" climate change is a joke."	2
Climate Change	0
Heathrow airport climate change protestors	2
"......O.....Here we go again. Another ""A"" list Google Climate change Camp. Fuck Google and Fuck these lunatics pushing the HOAX OF CLIMATE CHANGE."	0
I been told by white climate change activists that if people had to suffer and even die for climate change, then so be it....	2
If the sudden change in temperatures and droughts aren’t a sign of climate change for you then f*ck you to oblivion	2
STOP acting like you can ignore and/or disregard FACTS and VALID ARGUMENTS just because they came from a TEENAGER! (in addition: climate change mini rant)	2
Climate change.	1
Sky News Australia Denies Climate Change and Mocks Greta Thunberg	2
Climate Change Policy Protestors	2
I can’t take the climate change protests and marches seriously now.	2
Really sick of the pedantic mouth breathers that pop up in every climate change discussion on the Internet.	2
Fat people, refugees and rich people are the three biggest contributors to climate change, yet the people most vocal about climate change are fat rich people who support mass-immigration.	2
Climate change deniers: how in Cerebrus' kennel.	2
If you're against climate change, cleaning the oceans and air from pollution, fuck you	2
I am fucking sick of these moronic anti mask / anti vax / climate change deniers	2
Why the fuck is climate change a partisan issue	2
Anyone just fucking sad about climate change? I’m trying my best as a person but it will never be enough.	2
You realize we’re being bullied, right? We’re working all the time trying to make ends meet and barely paying bills, the rich are buying governments to protect their wealth. Big oil companies around the world won’t allow any meaningful action on climate change. Things aren’t going to get better.	2
People being so quick to blame EVERY. SINGLE. FUCKING. natural disaster on weather manipulation and/or climate change is complete horseshit.	2
climate change deniers, denying the science	2
If your church denies climate change tomorrow, you should leave and never return.	2
The climate is changing and it's a fact.	2
We didn't kill the fucking planet	2
I don’t want to have kids for the simple fact they would have to grow up in this fucked up world	2
Why does 75k/year seem like nothing these days?	2
I’m pissed that 2 people got horny 30 years ago and now I have to deal with a global pandemic, climate change, looming mass extinction, &amp; economic collapse.	2
My two closest friends don’t believe in climate change	2
Climate Change deniers and Anti-Vaxxers are the only two groups of people that piss me off.	2
When we talk about climate change why we not talk about population control?????	2
Screw everyone who denies climate change and screw everyone fucking up our goddamn climate	2
People will not care about climate change until it they see it with their own eyes.	2
Making people depressed and anxious about climate change is not helping	2
Climate change and pollution will inevitably lead to the destruction of humanity because we collectively care more about profit than about the ONE FUCKING PLANET we have to live on.	2
Just seeing people's reaction to Corona makes me sad when it come to climate change	2
I’m absolutely livid at stupid people not believing in climate change!	2
I hate being a parent	1
It's literally impossible to a productive discussion about Global Warming/Climate Change	2
Climate change deniers + people who don't want to act.	2
Every complete jackass who has been severely mentally damaged, and enslave by the modern Climate Communist and their HOAX of Climate Change. https://imgur.com/ewWVEIj	0
When climate change destroys the planet, the rich will understand that they can’t eat money. Sure, I’ll die first. But nature will eventually take you with me.	2
If you have a carbon footprint IDGAF WHAT YOUR CLIMATE CHANGE PLAN IS GOD DAMMIT!	2
All of eastern Australia is on fire and I'm sick of the climate change denial.	2
Hijacking the Climate Change debate to push your own shitty agenda. Fuck right Off.	2
What tf is up with the excessive heat!?	2
About the climate change, wastes recycling, vegetarian diet and similar stuff I am tired of	2
Gen Z and Mental Health	2
I don’t give a fuck about what your religious beliefs are. Nature doesn’t give a fuck about what your religious beliefs are. Climate change will destroy ecosystems and billions of people are going to starve to death.	2
Let them die.	2
I hate this planet	2
Just because it's a science news/page doesn't mean you have to talk about climate change or gender all the damn time	1
Religion is getting absurd.	2
i'm going to have to move my entire family north because my parents generation fucked up the planet	2
I’Ve rEaD sCiEnTiFic pApErS fRoM 1906 tHaT saY tHe IcE cApS wErE sUppOsEd tO mELt iN 30 yEaRs. We have better equipment and therefore better data today to monitor climate change and climate catastrophe is still coming, you fucking moron.	2
People who think they are more informed than actual scientists, just because they have seen a few videos on Facebook and YouTube.	2
Schrodingers intelligence	2
Fuck doom scrolling, voter apathy, and giving up.	2
Humanity is going down the drain.	2
